Abatacept_ddi.xml	There is insufficient experience to assess the safety and efficacy of ORENCIA administered concurrently with anakinra, and therefore such use is not recommended.	ORENCIA	anakinra	advise
Abatacept_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of a TNF antagonist with ORENCIA has been associated with an increased risk of serious infections and no significant additional efficacy over use of the TNF antagonists alone.	TNF antagonist	ORENCIA	effect
Abatacept_ddi.xml	Concurrent therapy with ORENCIA and TNF antagonists is not recommended.	ORENCIA	TNF antagonists	advise
Acamprosate_ddi.xml	Patients taking Acamprosate concomitantly with antidepressants more commonly reported both weight gain and weight loss, compared with patients taking either medication alone.	Acamprosate	antidepressants	effect
Acamprosate_ddi.xml	Co-administration of naltrexone with Acamprosate produced a 25% increase in AUC and a 33% increase in the Cmax of acamprosate.	naltrexone	Acamprosate	mechanism
Acarbose_ddi.xml	Acarbose has been shown to change the bioavailabillty digoxin when they are co-administered, which may require digoxin dose adjustment.	Acarbose	digoxin	mechanism
Acarbose_ddi.xml	However, the peak plasma level of metformin was reduced by approximately 20% when taking Acarbose due to a slight delay in the absorption of metformin.	Acarbose	metformin	mechanism
Acarbose_ddi.xml	Intestinal adsorbents (e. g., charcoal) and digestive enzyme preparations containing carbohydrate-splitting enzymes (e. g., amylase, pancreatin) may reduce the effect of Acarbose and should not be taken concomitantly.	charcoal	Acarbose	mechanism
Acarbose_ddi.xml	Intestinal adsorbents (e. g., charcoal) and digestive enzyme preparations containing carbohydrate-splitting enzymes (e. g., amylase, pancreatin) may reduce the effect of Acarbose and should not be taken concomitantly.	Intestinal adsorbents	Acarbose	mechanism
Acarbose_ddi.xml	Intestinal adsorbents (e. g., charcoal) and digestive enzyme preparations containing carbohydrate-splitting enzymes (e. g., amylase, pancreatin) may reduce the effect of Acarbose and should not be taken concomitantly.	amylase	Acarbose	mechanism
Acarbose_ddi.xml	Intestinal adsorbents (e. g., charcoal) and digestive enzyme preparations containing carbohydrate-splitting enzymes (e. g., amylase, pancreatin) may reduce the effect of Acarbose and should not be taken concomitantly.	pancreatin	Acarbose	mechanism
Acarbose_ddi.xml	However, the peak plasma level of metformin was reduced by approximately 20% when taking Acarbose due to a slight delay in the absorption of metformin.	metformin	Acarbose	mechanism
Acebutolol_ddi.xml	Catecholamine-depleting drugs, such as reserpine, may have an additive effect when given with beta-blocking agents.	reserpine	beta-blocking agents	effect
Acebutolol_ddi.xml	Catecholamine-depleting drugs, such as reserpine, may have an additive effect when given with beta-blocking agents.	Catecholamine-depleting drugs	beta-blocking agents	effect
Acebutolol_ddi.xml	Patients treated with acebutolol plus catecholamine depletors should, therefore, be observed closely for evidence of marked bradycardia or hypotension which may present as vertigo, syncope/presyncope, or orthostatic changes in blood pressure without compensatory tachycardia.	acebutolol	catecholamine depletors	advise
Acebutolol_ddi.xml	Exaggerated hypertensive responses have been reported from the combined use of beta-adrenergic antagonists and alpha-adrenergic stimulants, including those contained in proprietary cold remedies and vasoconstrictive nasal drops.	beta-adrenergic antagonists	alpha-adrenergic stimulants	effect
Acebutolol_ddi.xml	Blunting of the antihypertensive effect of beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents by nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs has been reported.	beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	effect
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Acetazolamide may increase the effects of other folic acid antagonists.	Acetazolamide	folic acid antagonists	effect
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Acetazolamide may prevent the urinary antiseptic effect of methenamine.	Acetazolamide	methenamine	effect
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Acetazolamide increases lithium excretion and the lithium may be decreased.	Acetazolamide	lithium	mechanism
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Acetazolamide may elevate cyclosporine levels.	Acetazolamide	cyclosporine	mechanism
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	DIAMOX modifies phenytoin metabolism with increased serum levels of phenytoin.	DIAMOX	phenytoin	mechanism
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Acetazolamide and sodium bicarbonate used concurrently increases the risk of renal calculus formation.	Acetazolamide	sodium bicarbonate	effect
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	DIAMOX modifies phenytoin metabolism with increased serum levels of phenytoin.	DIAMOX	phenytoin	mechanism
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Caution is advised when beginning, discontinuing, or changing the dose of DIAMOX in patients receiving primidone.	DIAMOX	primidone	advise
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Acetazolamide reduces urinary excretion of quinidine and may enhance its effect.	Acetazolamide	quinidine	mechanism
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	Acetazolamide decreases urinary excretion of amphetamine and may enhance the magnitude and duration of their effect.	Acetazolamide	amphetamine	mechanism
Acetazolamide_ddi.xml	By decreasing the gastrointestinal absorption of primidone, DIAMOX may decrease serum concentrations of primidone and its metabolites, with a consequent possible decrease in anticonvulsant effect.	DIAMOX	primidone	mechanism
Aciclovir_ddi.xml	Co-administration of probenecid with acyclovir has been shown to increase the mean half-life and the area under the concentration-time curve.	probenecid	acyclovir	mechanism
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Microdosed minipill progestin preparations are not recommended for use with Soriatane.	progestin	Soriatane	advise
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Consequently, the combination of methotrexate with acitretin is also contraindicated.	methotrexate	acitretin	advise
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Vitamin A and oral retinoids: Concomitant administration of vitamin A and/or other oral retinoids with acitretin must be avoided because of the risk of hypervitaminosis A.	vitamin A	acitretin	advise
Acitretin_ddi.xml	However, it has been established that acitretin interferes with the contraceptive effect of microdosed progestin minipill preparations.	acitretin	progestin	effect
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Glibenclamide: In a study of 7 healthy male volunteers, acitretin treatment potentiated the blood glucose lowering effect of glibenclamide (a sulfonylurea similar to chlorpropamide) in 3 of the 7 subjects.	acitretin	glibenclamide	effect
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Tetracyclines: Since both acitretin and tetracyclines can cause increased intracranial pressure, their combined use is contraindicated.	acitretin	tetracyclines	effect
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Vitamin A and oral retinoids: Concomitant administration of vitamin A and/or other oral retinoids with acitretin must be avoided because of the risk of hypervitaminosis A.	retinoids	acitretin	advise
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: If acitretin is given concurrently with phenytoin, the protein binding of phenytoin may be reduced.	acitretin	phenytoin	mechanism
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: An increased risk of hepatitis has been reported to result from combined use of methotrexate and etretinate.	methotrexate	etretinate	effect
Acitretin_ddi.xml	Ethanol:Clinical evidence has shown that etretinate can be formed with concurrent ingestion of acitretin and ethanol.	acitretin	ethanol	mechanism
Adalimumab_ddi.xml	Therefore the, combination of anakinra with other TNF-blocking agents, including HUMIRA, may also result i n similar toxicities.	anakinra	TNF-blocking agents	effect
Adalimumab_ddi.xml	Therefore the, combination of anakinra with other TNF-blocking agents, including HUMIRA, may also result i n similar toxicities.	anakinra	HUMIRA	effect
Adalimumab_ddi.xml	Anakinra: Concurrent administration of anakinra (an interleukin-1 antagonist) and another TNF-blocking agent has been associated with an increased risk of serious infections, an increased risk of neutropenia and no additional benefit compared to these medicinal products alone.	interleukin-1 antagonist	TNF-blocking agent	effect
Adalimumab_ddi.xml	Anakinra: Concurrent administration of anakinra (an interleukin-1 antagonist) and another TNF-blocking agent has been associated with an increased risk of serious infections, an increased risk of neutropenia and no additional benefit compared to these medicinal products alone.	anakinra	TNF-blocking agent	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	The effects of adenosine are antagonized by methylxanthines such as caffeine and theophylline.	adenosine	theophylline	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	In the presence of these methylxanthines, larger doses of adenosine may be required or adenosine may not be effective.	methylxanthines	adenosine	advise
Adenosine_ddi.xml	The use of Adenocard in patients receiving digitalis may be rarely associated with ventricular fibrillation.	Adenocard	digitalis	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	Digoxin and verapamil use may be rarely associated with ventricular fibrillation when combined with Adenocard.	Digoxin	Adenocard	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	The effects of adenosine are antagonized by methylxanthines such as caffeine and theophylline.	adenosine	caffeine	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	Thus, smaller doses of adenosine may be effective in the presence of dipyridamole.	adenosine	dipyridamole	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	The effects of adenosine are antagonized by methylxanthines such as caffeine and theophylline.	adenosine	methylxanthines	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	Digoxin and verapamil use may be rarely associated with ventricular fibrillation when combined with Adenocard.	verapamil	Adenocard	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	As the primary effect of adenosine is to decrease conduction through the A-V node, higher degrees of heart block may be produced in the presence of carbamazepine.	adenosine	carbamazepine	effect
Adenosine_ddi.xml	In the presence of these methylxanthines, larger doses of adenosine may be required or adenosine may not be effective.	methylxanthines	adenosine	advise
Adenosine_ddi.xml	Adenosine effects are potentiated by dipyridamole.	Adenosine	dipyridamole	effect
Adinazolam_ddi.xml	Nafazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine (consider Xanax dose reduction).	fluvoxamine	Xanax	advise
Adinazolam_ddi.xml	Nafazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine (consider Xanax dose reduction).	cimetidine	Xanax	advise
Adinazolam_ddi.xml	Nafazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine (consider Xanax dose reduction).	Nafazodone	Xanax	advise
Albendazole_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: Albendazole sulfoxide concentrations in bile and cystic fluid were increased (about 2-fold) in hydatid cyst patients treated with cimetidine (10 mg/kg/day) (n=7) compared with albendazole (20 mg/kg/day) alone (n=12).	Albendazole sulfoxide	cimetidine	mechanism
Albendazole_ddi.xml	Praziquantel: In the fed state, praziquantel (40 mg/kg) increased mean maximum plasma concentration and area under the curve of albendazole sulfoxide by about 50% in healthy subjects (n=10) compared with a separate group of subjects (n=6) given albendazole alone.	praziquantel	albendazole sulfoxide	mechanism
Albendazole_ddi.xml	Dexamethasone: Steady-state trough concentrations of albendazole sulfoxide were about 56% higher when 8 mg dexamethasone was coadministered with each dose of albendazole (15 mg/kg/day) in eight neurocysticercosis patients.	dexamethasone	albendazole	mechanism
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of drugs possessing nephrotoxic (e.g., aminoglycosides, indomethacin), myelotoxic (e.g., cytotoxic chemotherapy), cardiotoxic (e.g., doxorubicin) or hepatotoxic (e.g., methotrexate, asparaginase) effects with PROLEUKIN may increase toxicity in these organ systems.	doxorubicin	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Although glucocorticoids have been shown to reduce PROLEUKIN-induced side effects including fever, renal insufficiency, hyperbilirubinemia, confusion, and dyspnea, concomitant administration of these agents with PROLEUKIN may reduce the antitumor effectiveness of PROLEUKIN and thus should be avoided. 12 Beta-blockers and other antihypertensives may potentiate the hypotension seen with PROLEUKIN.	antihypertensives	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of drugs possessing nephrotoxic (e.g., aminoglycosides, indomethacin), myelotoxic (e.g., cytotoxic chemotherapy), cardiotoxic (e.g., doxorubicin) or hepatotoxic (e.g., methotrexate, asparaginase) effects with PROLEUKIN may increase toxicity in these organ systems.	aminoglycosides	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of drugs possessing nephrotoxic (e.g., aminoglycosides, indomethacin), myelotoxic (e.g., cytotoxic chemotherapy), cardiotoxic (e.g., doxorubicin) or hepatotoxic (e.g., methotrexate, asparaginase) effects with PROLEUKIN may increase toxicity in these organ systems.	asparaginase	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Delayed Adverse Reactions to Iodinated Contrast Media: A review of the literature revealed that 12.6% (range 11-28%) of 501 patients treated with various interleukin-2 containing regimens who were subsequently administered radiographic iodinated contrast media experienced acute, atypical adverse reactions.	interleukin-2	radiographic iodinated contrast media	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of drugs possessing nephrotoxic (e.g., aminoglycosides, indomethacin), myelotoxic (e.g., cytotoxic chemotherapy), cardiotoxic (e.g., doxorubicin) or hepatotoxic (e.g., methotrexate, asparaginase) effects with PROLEUKIN may increase toxicity in these organ systems.	cytotoxic	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in patients receiving combination regimens containing sequential high dose PROLEUKIN and antineoplastic agents, specifically, dacarbazine, cis-platinum, tamoxifen and interferon-alfa.	PROLEUKIN	cis-platinum	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in patients receiving combination regimens containing sequential high dose PROLEUKIN and antineoplastic agents, specifically, dacarbazine, cis-platinum, tamoxifen and interferon-alfa.	PROLEUKIN	interferon-alfa	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Myocardial injury, including myocardial infarction, myocarditis, ventricular hypokinesia, and severe rhabdomyolysis appear to be increased in patients receiving PROLEUKIN and interferon-alfa concurrently.	PROLEUKIN	interferon-alfa	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Although glucocorticoids have been shown to reduce PROLEUKIN-induced side effects including fever, renal insufficiency, hyperbilirubinemia, confusion, and dyspnea, concomitant administration of these agents with PROLEUKIN may reduce the antitumor effectiveness of PROLEUKIN and thus should be avoided. 12 Beta-blockers and other antihypertensives may potentiate the hypotension seen with PROLEUKIN.	Beta-blockers	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Although glucocorticoids have been shown to reduce PROLEUKIN-induced side effects including fever, renal insufficiency, hyperbilirubinemia, confusion, and dyspnea, concomitant administration of these agents with PROLEUKIN may reduce the antitumor effectiveness of PROLEUKIN and thus should be avoided. 12 Beta-blockers and other antihypertensives may potentiate the hypotension seen with PROLEUKIN.	glucocorticoids	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of drugs possessing nephrotoxic (e.g., aminoglycosides, indomethacin), myelotoxic (e.g., cytotoxic chemotherapy), cardiotoxic (e.g., doxorubicin) or hepatotoxic (e.g., methotrexate, asparaginase) effects with PROLEUKIN may increase toxicity in these organ systems.	indomethacin	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in patients receiving combination regimens containing sequential high dose PROLEUKIN and antineoplastic agents, specifically, dacarbazine, cis-platinum, tamoxifen and interferon-alfa.	PROLEUKIN	tamoxifen	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Exacerbation or the initial presentation of a number of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders has been observed following concurrent use of interferon-alfa and PROLEUKIN, including crescentic IgA glomerulonephritis, oculo-bulbar myasthenia gravis, inflammatory arthritis, thyroiditis, bullous pemphigoid, and Stevens-Johnson syndrome.	interferon-alfa	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in patients receiving combination regimens containing sequential high dose PROLEUKIN and antineoplastic agents, specifically, dacarbazine, cis-platinum, tamoxifen and interferon-alfa.	PROLEUKIN	dacarbazine	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of drugs possessing nephrotoxic (e.g., aminoglycosides, indomethacin), myelotoxic (e.g., cytotoxic chemotherapy), cardiotoxic (e.g., doxorubicin) or hepatotoxic (e.g., methotrexate, asparaginase) effects with PROLEUKIN may increase toxicity in these organ systems.	methotrexate	PROLEUKIN	effect
Aldesleukin_ddi.xml	Hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in patients receiving combination regimens containing sequential high dose PROLEUKIN and antineoplastic agents, specifically, dacarbazine, cis-platinum, tamoxifen and interferon-alfa.	PROLEUKIN	antineoplastic agents	effect
Alendronate_ddi.xml	Products containing calcium and other multivalent cations likely will interfere with absorption of alendronate.	calcium	alendronate	mechanism
Alendronate_ddi.xml	Intravenous ranitidine was shown to double the bioavailability of oral alendronate.	ranitidine	alendronate	mechanism
Alendronate_ddi.xml	Products containing calcium and other multivalent cations likely will interfere with absorption of alendronate.	multivalent cations	alendronate	mechanism
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Limited clinical experience indicates that requirements for volatile inhalation anesthetics are reduced by 30 to 50% for the first sixty (60) minutes following ALFENTA induction The concomitant use of erythromycin with ALFENTA can significantly inhibit ALFENTA clearance and may increase the risk of prolonged or delayed respiratory depression.	volatile inhalation anesthetics	ALFENTA	mechanism
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Both the magnitude and duration of central nervous system and cardiovascular effects may be enhanced when ALFENTA is administered in combination with other CNS depressants such as barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids, or inhalation general anesthetics.	ALFENTA	tranquilizers	effect
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Both the magnitude and duration of central nervous system and cardiovascular effects may be enhanced when ALFENTA is administered in combination with other CNS depressants such as barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids, or inhalation general anesthetics.	ALFENTA	barbiturates	effect
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Cimetidine reduces the clearance of ALFENTA.	Cimetidine	ALFENTA	mechanism
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Limited clinical experience indicates that requirements for volatile inhalation anesthetics are reduced by 30 to 50% for the first sixty (60) minutes following ALFENTA induction The concomitant use of erythromycin with ALFENTA can significantly inhibit ALFENTA clearance and may increase the risk of prolonged or delayed respiratory depression.	erythromycin	ALFENTA	mechanism
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Both the magnitude and duration of central nervous system and cardiovascular effects may be enhanced when ALFENTA is administered in combination with other CNS depressants such as barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids, or inhalation general anesthetics.	ALFENTA	CNS depressants	effect
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Both the magnitude and duration of central nervous system and cardiovascular effects may be enhanced when ALFENTA is administered in combination with other CNS depressants such as barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids, or inhalation general anesthetics.	ALFENTA	opioids	effect
Alfentanil_ddi.xml	Both the magnitude and duration of central nervous system and cardiovascular effects may be enhanced when ALFENTA is administered in combination with other CNS depressants such as barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids, or inhalation general anesthetics.	ALFENTA	anesthetics	effect
Alfuzosin_ddi.xml	However, interactions may be expected, and UROXATRAL should NOT be used in combination with other alpha-blockers.	UROXATRAL	alpha-blockers	advise
Aliskiren_ddi.xml	Furosemide: When aliskiren was co-administered with furosemide, the AUC and Cmax of furosemide were reduced by about 30% and 50%, respectively.	aliskiren	furosemide	mechanism
Aliskiren_ddi.xml	Co-administration of irbesartan reduced aliskiren Cmax up to 50% after multiple dosing.	irbesartan	aliskiren	mechanism
Aliskiren_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Co-administration of 200 mg twice-daily ketoconazole with aliskiren resulted in an approximate 80% increase in plasma levels of aliskiren.	ketoconazole	aliskiren	mechanism
Aliskiren_ddi.xml	Co-administration of atorvastatin resulted in about a 50% increase in aliskiren Cmax and AUC after multiple dosing.	atorvastatin	aliskiren	mechanism
Alitretinoin_ddi.xml	Patients who are applying Panretin gel should not concurrently use products that contain DEET (N, N-diethyl-m-toluamide), a common component of insect repellent products.	Panretin	DEET	advise
Alitretinoin_ddi.xml	Patients who are applying Panretin gel should not concurrently use products that contain DEET (N, N-diethyl-m-toluamide), a common component of insect repellent products.	Panretin	N-diethyl-m-toluamide	advise
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	The risk of hypoglycemia secondary to this mechanism may be increased if allopurinol and chlorpropamide are given concomitantly in the presence of renal insufficiency.	allopurinol	chlorpropamide	effect
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Thiazide Diuretics: The reports that the concomitant use of allopurinol and thiazide diuretics may contribute to the enhancement of allopurinol toxicity in some patients have been reviewed in an attempt to establish a cause-and-effect relationship and a mechanism of causation.	allopurinol	thiazide diuretics	effect
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Although a causal mechanism and a cause-and-effect relationship have not been established, current evidence suggests that renal function should be monitored in patients on thiazide diuretics and allopurinol even in the absence of renal failure, and dosage levels should be even more conservatively adjusted in those patients on such combined therapy if diminished renal function is detected..	thiazide diuretics	allopurinol	advise
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Chlorpropamide: Chlorpropamides plasma half-life may be prolonged by allopurinol, since allopurinol and chlorpropamide may compete for excretion in the renal tubule.	allopurinol	chlorpropamide	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Cytotoxic Agents: Enhanced bone marrow suppression by cyclophosphamide and other cytotoxic agents has been reported among patients with neoplastic disease, except leukemia, in the presence of allopurinol.	cytotoxic agents	allopurinol	effect
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Ampicillin/Amoxicillin: An increase in the frequency of skin rash has been reported among patients receiving ampicillin or amoxicillin concurrently with allopurinol compared to patients who are not receiving both drugs.	ampicillin	allopurinol	effect
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Uricosuric Agents: Since the excretion of oxipurinol is similar to that of urate, uricosuric agents, which increase the excretion of urate, are also likely to increase the excretion of oxipurinol and thus lower the degree of inhibition of xanthine oxidase.	uricosuric agents	oxipurinol	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Chlorpropamide: Chlorpropamides plasma half-life may be prolonged by allopurinol, since allopurinol and chlorpropamide may compete for excretion in the renal tubule.	Chlorpropamide	allopurinol	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	In patients receiving mercaptopurine (Purinethol) or azathioprine (Imuran), the concomitant administration of 300-600 mg of allopurinol per day will require a reduction in dose to approximately one-third to one-fourth of the usual dose of mercaptopurine or azathioprine.	allopurinol	mercaptopurine	advise
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Mercaptopurine/Azathioprine: Allopurinol inhibits the enzymatic oxidation of mercaptopurine and azathioprine to 6-thiouric acid.	Allopurinol	azathioprine	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	The concomitant administration of uricosuric agents and allopurinol has been associated with a decrease in the excretion of oxypurines (hypoxanthine and xanthine) and an increase in urinary uric acid excretion compared with that observed with allopurinol alone.	uricosuric agents	allopurinol	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Dicumarol: It has been reported that allopurinol prolongs the half-life of the anticoagulant, dicumarol.	allopurinol	dicumarol	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Ampicillin/Amoxicillin: An increase in the frequency of skin rash has been reported among patients receiving ampicillin or amoxicillin concurrently with allopurinol compared to patients who are not receiving both drugs.	amoxicillin	allopurinol	effect
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Cytotoxic Agents: Enhanced bone marrow suppression by cyclophosphamide and other cytotoxic agents has been reported among patients with neoplastic disease, except leukemia, in the presence of allopurinol.	cyclophosphamide	allopurinol	effect
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Cyclosporin: Reports indicate that cyclosporine levels may be increased during concomitant treatment with allopurinol sodium for injection.	cyclosporine	allopurinol sodium	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	Mercaptopurine/Azathioprine: Allopurinol inhibits the enzymatic oxidation of mercaptopurine and azathioprine to 6-thiouric acid.	Allopurinol	mercaptopurine	mechanism
Allopurinol_ddi.xml	In patients receiving mercaptopurine (Purinethol) or azathioprine (Imuran), the concomitant administration of 300-600 mg of allopurinol per day will require a reduction in dose to approximately one-third to one-fourth of the usual dose of mercaptopurine or azathioprine.	allopurinol	azathioprine	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Although the interaction between almotriptan and other potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., itraconazole, ritonavir, and erythromycin) has not been studied, increased exposures to almotriptan may be expected when almotriptan is used concomitantly with these medications.	itraconazole	almotriptan	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Other 5-HT1B/1D Agonists Concomitant use of other 5-HT1B/1D agonists within 24 hours of treatment with AXERT is contraindicated.	5-HT1B/1D agonists	AXERT	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with AXERT and an SSRI is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	AXERT	SSRI	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and AXERT within 24 hours of each other should be avoided.	dihydroergotamine	AXERT	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs): SSRIs (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been rarely reported to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	fluvoxamine	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors: Coadministration of moclobemide resulted in a 27% decrease in almotriptan clearance and an increase in Cmax of approximately 6%.	moclobemide	almotriptan	mechanism
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs): SSRIs (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been rarely reported to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	paroxetine	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Coadministration of almotriptan and the potent CYP3A4 inhibitor ketoconazole (400 mg q.d. for 3 days) resulted in an approximately 60% increase in the area under the plasma concentration-time curve and maximal plasma concentrations of almotriptan.	almotriptan	ketoconazole	mechanism
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Although the interaction between almotriptan and other potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., itraconazole, ritonavir, and erythromycin) has not been studied, increased exposures to almotriptan may be expected when almotriptan is used concomitantly with these medications.	erythromycin	almotriptan	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Although the interaction between almotriptan and other potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., itraconazole, ritonavir, and erythromycin) has not been studied, increased exposures to almotriptan may be expected when almotriptan is used concomitantly with these medications.	ritonavir	almotriptan	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs): SSRIs (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been rarely reported to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	fluoxetine	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs): SSRIs (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been rarely reported to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	sertraline	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and AXERT within 24 hours of each other should be avoided.	ergot-type medications	AXERT	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs): SSRIs (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been rarely reported to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	SSRIs	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and AXERT within 24 hours of each other should be avoided.	ergotamine	AXERT	advise
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Verapamil: Coadministration of almotriptan and verapamil resulted in a 24% increase in plasma concentrations of almotriptan.	almotriptan	verapamil	mechanism
Almotriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and AXERT within 24 hours of each other should be avoided.	methysergide	AXERT	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Although not studied with alosetron, inhibition of N-acetyltransferase may have clinically relevant consequences for drugs such as isoniazid, procainamide, and hydralazine.	alosetron	hydralazine	effect
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Coadministration of alosetron and strong CYP3A4 inhibitors, such as clarithromycin, telithromycin, protease inhibitors, voriconazole, and itraconazole has not been evaluated but should be undertaken with caution because of similar potential drug interactions.	alosetron	telithromycin	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Fluvoxamine increased mean alosetron plasma concentrations (AUC) approximately 6-fold and prolonged the half-life by approximately 3-fold.	Fluvoxamine	alosetron	mechanism
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Coadministration of alosetron and strong CYP3A4 inhibitors, such as clarithromycin, telithromycin, protease inhibitors, voriconazole, and itraconazole has not been evaluated but should be undertaken with caution because of similar potential drug interactions.	alosetron	itraconazole	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole increased mean alosetron plasma concentrations (AUC) by 29%.	Ketoconazole	alosetron	mechanism
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of alosetron and moderate CYP1A2 inhibitors, including quinolone antibiotics and cimetidine, has not been evaluated, but should be avoided unless clinically necessary because of similar potential drug interactions.	alosetron	cimetidine	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Although not studied with alosetron, inhibition of N-acetyltransferase may have clinically relevant consequences for drugs such as isoniazid, procainamide, and hydralazine.	alosetron	procainamide	effect
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Coadministration of alosetron and strong CYP3A4 inhibitors, such as clarithromycin, telithromycin, protease inhibitors, voriconazole, and itraconazole has not been evaluated but should be undertaken with caution because of similar potential drug interactions.	alosetron	clarithromycin	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Coadministration of alosetron and strong CYP3A4 inhibitors, such as clarithromycin, telithromycin, protease inhibitors, voriconazole, and itraconazole has not been evaluated but should be undertaken with caution because of similar potential drug interactions.	alosetron	protease inhibitors	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Although not studied with alosetron, inhibition of N-acetyltransferase may have clinically relevant consequences for drugs such as isoniazid, procainamide, and hydralazine.	alosetron	isoniazid	effect
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Coadministration of alosetron and strong CYP3A4 inhibitors, such as clarithromycin, telithromycin, protease inhibitors, voriconazole, and itraconazole has not been evaluated but should be undertaken with caution because of similar potential drug interactions.	alosetron	voriconazole	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of alosetron and fluvoxamine is contraindicated.	alosetron	fluvoxamine	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when alosetron and ketoconazole are administered concomitantly.	alosetron	ketoconazole	advise
Alosetron_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of alosetron and moderate CYP1A2 inhibitors, including quinolone antibiotics and cimetidine, has not been evaluated, but should be avoided unless clinically necessary because of similar potential drug interactions.	alosetron	quinolone antibiotics	advise
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	benzodiazepines	amiodarone	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	alprazolam	nifedipine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The steady state plasma concentrations of imipramine and desipramine have been reported to be increased an average of 31% and 20%, respectively, by the concomitant administration of alprazolam tablets in doses up to 4 mg/day.	imipramine	alprazolam	mechanism
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Drugs and other substances demonstrated to be CYP 3A inhibitors on the basis of clinical studies involving benzodiazepines metabolized similarly to alprazolam or on the basis of in vitro studies with alprazolam or other benzodiazepines (caution is recommended during coadministration with alprazolam): Available data from clinical studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction with alprazolam for the following: diltiazem, isoniazid, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin and clarithromycin, and grapefruit juice.	alprazolam	isoniazid	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Coadministration of propoxyphene decreased the maximum plasma concentration of alprazolam by 6%, decreased clearance by 38%, and increased half-life by 58%.	propoxyphene	alprazolam	mechanism
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The steady state plasma concentrations of imipramine and desipramine have been reported to be increased an average of 31% and 20%, respectively, by the concomitant administration of alprazolam tablets in doses up to 4 mg/day.	desipramine	alprazolam	mechanism
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	anticonvulsants	effect
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction with alprazolam for the following: sertraline and paroxetine.	alprazolam	sertraline	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	alprazolam	nicardipine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	alprazolam	ergotamine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Drugs and other substances demonstrated to be CYP 3A inhibitors on the basis of clinical studies involving benzodiazepines metabolized similarly to alprazolam or on the basis of in vitro studies with alprazolam or other benzodiazepines (caution is recommended during coadministration with alprazolam): Available data from clinical studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction with alprazolam for the following: diltiazem, isoniazid, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin and clarithromycin, and grapefruit juice.	alprazolam	macrolide antibiotics	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	alprazolam	ethanol	effect
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Drugs and other substances demonstrated to be CYP 3A inhibitors on the basis of clinical studies involving benzodiazepines metabolized similarly to alprazolam or on the basis of in vitro studies with alprazolam or other benzodiazepines (caution is recommended during coadministration with alprazolam): Available data from clinical studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction with alprazolam for the following: diltiazem, isoniazid, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin and clarithromycin, and grapefruit juice.	alprazolam	clarithromycin	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	benzodiazepines	cyclosporine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	alprazolam	psychotropic medications	effect
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	alprazolam	antihistaminics	effect
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Drugs Demonstrated to be CYP 3A Inhibitors of Possible Clinical Significance on the Basis of Clinical Studies Involving Alprazolam (caution is recommended during coadministration with alprazolam): Coadministration of fluoxetine with alprazolam increased the maximum plasma concentration of alprazolam by 46%, decreased clearance by 21%, increased half-life by 17%, and decreased measured psychomotor performance.	fluoxetine	alprazolam	mechanism
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	benzodiazepines	nicardipine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction with alprazolam for the following: sertraline and paroxetine.	alprazolam	paroxetine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	alprazolam	amiodarone	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Drugs and other substances demonstrated to be CYP 3A inhibitors on the basis of clinical studies involving benzodiazepines metabolized similarly to alprazolam or on the basis of in vitro studies with alprazolam or other benzodiazepines (caution is recommended during coadministration with alprazolam): Available data from clinical studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction with alprazolam for the following: diltiazem, isoniazid, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin and clarithromycin, and grapefruit juice.	alprazolam	erythromycin	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	psychotropic medications	effect
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	benzodiazepines	ergotamine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Coadministration of oral contraceptives increased the maximum plasma concentration of alprazolam by 18%, decreased clearance by 22%, and increased half-life by 29%.	contraceptives	alprazolam	mechanism
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	benzodiazepines	nifedipine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Data from in vitro studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction for the following: ergotamine, cyclosporine, amiodarone, nicardipine, and nifedipine.	alprazolam	cyclosporine	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	alprazolam	anticonvulsants	effect
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	antihistaminics	effect
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	Drugs and other substances demonstrated to be CYP 3A inhibitors on the basis of clinical studies involving benzodiazepines metabolized similarly to alprazolam or on the basis of in vitro studies with alprazolam or other benzodiazepines (caution is recommended during coadministration with alprazolam): Available data from clinical studies of benzodiazepines other than alprazolam suggest a possible drug interaction with alprazolam for the following: diltiazem, isoniazid, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin and clarithromycin, and grapefruit juice.	alprazolam	diltiazem	int
Alprazolam_ddi.xml	The benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, produce additive CNS depressant effects when co-administered with other psychotropic medications, anticonvulsants, antihistaminics, ethanol, and other drugs which themselves produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	ethanol	effect
Alteplase_ddi.xml	In addition to bleeding associated with heparin and vitamin K antagonists, drugs that alter platelet function (such as acetylsalicylic acid, dipyridamole and Abciximab) may increase the risk of bleeding if administered prior to, during, or after Activase therapy.	acetylsalicylic acid	Activase	int
Alteplase_ddi.xml	In addition to bleeding associated with heparin and vitamin K antagonists, drugs that alter platelet function (such as acetylsalicylic acid, dipyridamole and Abciximab) may increase the risk of bleeding if administered prior to, during, or after Activase therapy.	Abciximab	Activase	effect
Alteplase_ddi.xml	In addition to bleeding associated with heparin and vitamin K antagonists, drugs that alter platelet function (such as acetylsalicylic acid, dipyridamole and Abciximab) may increase the risk of bleeding if administered prior to, during, or after Activase therapy.	vitamin K antagonists	Activase	effect
Alteplase_ddi.xml	In addition to bleeding associated with heparin and vitamin K antagonists, drugs that alter platelet function (such as acetylsalicylic acid, dipyridamole and Abciximab) may increase the risk of bleeding if administered prior to, during, or after Activase therapy.	dipyridamole	Activase	effect
Alteplase_ddi.xml	In addition to bleeding associated with heparin and vitamin K antagonists, drugs that alter platelet function (such as acetylsalicylic acid, dipyridamole and Abciximab) may increase the risk of bleeding if administered prior to, during, or after Activase therapy.	heparin	Activase	effect
Altretamine_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of HEXALEN and antidepressants of the MAO inhibitor class may cause severe orthostatic hypotension.Cimetidine, an inhibitor of microsomal drug metabolism, increased altretamines half-life and toxicity in a rat model.	HEXALEN	antidepressants of the MAO inhibitor class	effect
Altretamine_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of HEXALEN and antidepressants of the MAO inhibitor class may cause severe orthostatic hypotension.Cimetidine, an inhibitor of microsomal drug metabolism, increased altretamines half-life and toxicity in a rat model.	Cimetidine	altretamine	mechanism
Altretamine_ddi.xml	however, it adversely affected response duration suggesting that pyridoxine should not be administered with HEXALEN and/or cisplatin.1	pyridoxine	HEXALEN	advise
Altretamine_ddi.xml	however, it adversely affected response duration suggesting that pyridoxine should not be administered with HEXALEN and/or cisplatin.1	pyridoxine	cisplatin	advise
Altretamine_ddi.xml	Data from a randomized trial of HEXALEN and cisplatin plus or minus pyridoxine in ovarian cancer indicated that pyridoxine significantly reduced neurotoxicity;	HEXALEN	cisplatin	effect
Amantadine_ddi.xml	Careful observation is required when amantadine is administered concurrently with central nervous system stimulants.	amantadine	central nervous system stimulants	advise
Amiloride_ddi.xml	Since indomethacin and potassium-sparing diuretics, including MIDAMOR, may each be associated with increased serum potassium levels, the potential effects on potassium kinetics and renal function should be considered when these agents are administered concurrently.	indomethacin	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Amiloride_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	loop diuretics	effect
Amiloride_ddi.xml	When amiloride HCl is administered concomitantly with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, the risk of hyperkalemia may be increased.	amiloride	angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor	effect
Amiloride_ddi.xml	Therefore, when MIDAMOR and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents are used concomitantly, the patient should be observed closely to determine if the desired effect of the diuretic is obtained.	MIDAMOR	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents	advise
Amiloride_ddi.xml	Since indomethacin and potassium-sparing diuretics, including MIDAMOR, may each be associated with increased serum potassium levels, the potential effects on potassium kinetics and renal function should be considered when these agents are administered concurrently.	indomethacin	MIDAMOR	effect
Amiloride_ddi.xml	Lithium generally should not be given with diuretics because they reduce its renal clearance and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.	Lithium	diuretics	advise
Amiloride_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Amiloride_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	thiazide diuretics	effect
Aminoglutethimide_ddi.xml	Aminoglutethimide diminishes the effect of coumarin and warfarin.	Aminoglutethimide	coumarin	effect
Aminoglutethimide_ddi.xml	Cytadren accelerates the metabolism of dexamethasone;	Cytadren	dexamethasone	mechanism
Aminoglutethimide_ddi.xml	Aminoglutethimide diminishes the effect of coumarin and warfarin.	Aminoglutethimide	warfarin	effect
Aminohippurate_ddi.xml	Renal clearance measurements of PAH cannot be made with any significant accuracy in patients receiving sulfonamides, procaine, or thiazolesulfone.	PAH	thiazolesulfone	effect
Aminohippurate_ddi.xml	Renal clearance measurements of PAH cannot be made with any significant accuracy in patients receiving sulfonamides, procaine, or thiazolesulfone.	PAH	sulfonamides	effect
Aminohippurate_ddi.xml	Therefore, patients receiving probenecid will have erroneously low ERPF and Tm PAH values.	probenecid	PAH	effect
Aminohippurate_ddi.xml	Renal clearance measurements of PAH cannot be made with any significant accuracy in patients receiving sulfonamides, procaine, or thiazolesulfone.	PAH	procaine	effect
Aminohippurate_ddi.xml	Probenecid depresses tubular secretion of certain weak acids such as PAH.	Probenecid	PAH	mechanism
Aminolevulinic acid_ddi.xml	It is, however, possible that concomitant use of other known photosensitizing agents such as griseofulvin, thiazide diuretics, sulfonylureas, phenothiazines, sulfonamides and tetracyclines might increase the photosensitivity reaction of actinic keratoses treated with the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.	tetracyclines	LEVULAN KERASTICK	effect
Aminolevulinic acid_ddi.xml	It is, however, possible that concomitant use of other known photosensitizing agents such as griseofulvin, thiazide diuretics, sulfonylureas, phenothiazines, sulfonamides and tetracyclines might increase the photosensitivity reaction of actinic keratoses treated with the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.	thiazide diuretics	LEVULAN KERASTICK	effect
Aminolevulinic acid_ddi.xml	It is, however, possible that concomitant use of other known photosensitizing agents such as griseofulvin, thiazide diuretics, sulfonylureas, phenothiazines, sulfonamides and tetracyclines might increase the photosensitivity reaction of actinic keratoses treated with the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.	phenothiazines	LEVULAN KERASTICK	effect
Aminolevulinic acid_ddi.xml	It is, however, possible that concomitant use of other known photosensitizing agents such as griseofulvin, thiazide diuretics, sulfonylureas, phenothiazines, sulfonamides and tetracyclines might increase the photosensitivity reaction of actinic keratoses treated with the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.	sulfonylureas	LEVULAN KERASTICK	effect
Aminolevulinic acid_ddi.xml	It is, however, possible that concomitant use of other known photosensitizing agents such as griseofulvin, thiazide diuretics, sulfonylureas, phenothiazines, sulfonamides and tetracyclines might increase the photosensitivity reaction of actinic keratoses treated with the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.	sulfonamides	LEVULAN KERASTICK	effect
Aminolevulinic acid_ddi.xml	It is, however, possible that concomitant use of other known photosensitizing agents such as griseofulvin, thiazide diuretics, sulfonylureas, phenothiazines, sulfonamides and tetracyclines might increase the photosensitivity reaction of actinic keratoses treated with the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.	griseofulvin	LEVULAN KERASTICK	effect
Aminolevulinic acid_ddi.xml	It is, however, possible that concomitant use of other known photosensitizing agents such as griseofulvin, thiazide diuretics, sulfonylureas, phenothiazines, sulfonamides and tetracyclines might increase the photosensitivity reaction of actinic keratoses treated with the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.	photosensitizing agents	LEVULAN KERASTICK	effect
Aminosalicylic Acid_ddi.xml	Aminosalicylic acid may decrease the amount of digoxin (Lanoxin, Lanoxicaps) that gets absorbed into your body.	Aminosalicylic acid	digoxin	mechanism
Aminosalicylic Acid_ddi.xml	Therefore you may need to take a vitamin B12 supplement while taking aminosalicylic acid.	vitamin B12	aminosalicylic acid	advise
Aminosalicylic Acid_ddi.xml	Aminosalicylic acid may decrease the amount of digoxin (Lanoxin, Lanoxicaps) that gets absorbed into your body.	Aminosalicylic acid	Lanoxin	mechanism
Aminosalicylic Acid_ddi.xml	In the case that you are taking digoxin while taking aminosalicylic acid, higher doses of digoxin may be needed.	digoxin	aminosalicylic acid	advise
Aminosalicylic Acid_ddi.xml	Aminosalicylic acid may also decrease the absorption of vitamin B12, which can lead to a deficiency.	Aminosalicylic acid	vitamin B12	mechanism
Amiodarone_ddi.xml	On administration of oral amiodarone, the need for digitalis therapy should be reviewed and the dose reduced by approximately 50% or discontinued.	amiodarone	digitalis	advise
Amiodarone_ddi.xml	Histamine H2 antagonists: Cimetidine inhibits CYP3A4 and can increase serum amiodarone levels.	Histamine H2 antagonists	Cimetidine	mechanism
Amiodarone_ddi.xml	Monitoring for amiodarone toxicity and serial measurement of amiodarone serum concentration during concomitant protease inhibitor therapy should be considered.	amiodarone	protease inhibitor	advise
Amiodarone_ddi.xml	A case report of one patient taking amiodarone 200 mg and indinavir 800 mg three times a day resulted in increases in amiodarone concentrations from 0.9 mg/L to 1.3 mg/L.	amiodarone	indinavir	mechanism
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Transient delirium has been reported in patients who were treated with one gram of ethchlorvynol and 75 - 150 mg of amitriptyline HCl.	ethchlorvynol	amitriptyline HCl	effect
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Cimetidine is reported to reduce hepatic metabolism of certain tricyclic antidepressants, thereby delaying elimination and increasing steady-state concentrations of these drugs.	Cimetidine	tricyclic antidepressants	mechanism
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, caution is indicated in the coadministration of TCAs with any of the SSRIs and also in switching from one class to the other.	TCAs	SSRIs	advise
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Clinically significant effects have been reported with the tricyclic antidepressants when used concomitantly with cimetidine.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	effect
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Increases in plasma levels of tricyclic antidepressants, and in the frequency and severity of side effects, particularly anticholinergic, have been reported when cimetidine was added to the drug regimen.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	mechanism
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	The extent to which SSRI-TCA interactions may pose clinical problems will depend on the degree of inhibition and the pharmacokinetics of the SSRI involved.	SSRI	TCA	effect
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Paralytic ileus may occur in patients taking tricyclic antidepressants in combination with anticholinergic-type drugs.	tricyclic antidepressants	anticholinergic	effect
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Discontinuation of cimetidine in well-controlled patients receiving tricyclic antidepressants and cimetidine may decrease the plasma levels and efficacy of the antidepressants.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	mechanism
Amitriptyline_ddi.xml	Hyperpyrexia has been reported when amitriptyline HCl is administered with anticholinergic agents or with neuroleptic drugs, particularly during hot weather.	amitriptyline HCl	anticholinergic	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Skeletal muscle relaxants: amphotericin B-induced hypokalemia may enhance the curariform effect of skeletal muscle relaxants (e.g., tubocurarine).	amphotericin B	tubocurarine	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Imidazoles (e. g., ketoconazole, miconazole, clotrimazole, fluconazole, etc.): in vitro and animal studies with the combination of amphotericin B and imidazoles suggest that imidazoles may induce fungal resistance to amphotericin B.	imidazoles	amphotericin B	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	When administered concurrently, the following drugs may interact with amphotericin B: Antineoplastic agents: may enhance the potential for renal toxicity, bronchospasm and hypotension.	amphotericin B	Antineoplastic agents	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids and Corticotropin (ACTH): may potentiate amphotericin B- induced hypokalemia which may predispose the patient to cardiac dysfunction.	ACTH	amphotericin B	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Leukocyte transfusions: acute pulmonary toxicity has been reported in patients receiving intravenous amphotericin B and leukocyte transfusions.	amphotericin B	leukocyte transfusions	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Digitalis glycosides: amphotericin B-induced hypokalemia may potentiate digitalis toxicity.	amphotericin B	digitalis	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Skeletal muscle relaxants: amphotericin B-induced hypokalemia may enhance the curariform effect of skeletal muscle relaxants (e.g., tubocurarine).	amphotericin B	skeletal muscle relaxants	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Flucytosine: while a synergistic relationship with amphotericin B has been reported, concomitant use may increase the toxicity of flucytosine by possibly increasing its cellular uptake and/or impairing its renal excretion.	amphotericin B	flucytosine	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids and Corticotropin (ACTH): may potentiate amphotericin B- induced hypokalemia which may predispose the patient to cardiac dysfunction.	Corticotropin	amphotericin B	effect
Amphotericin B_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids and Corticotropin (ACTH): may potentiate amphotericin B- induced hypokalemia which may predispose the patient to cardiac dysfunction.	Corticosteroids	amphotericin B	effect
Ampicillin_ddi.xml	Bacteriostatic Antibiotics: Chloramphenicol, erythromycins, sulfonamides, or tetracyclines may interfere with the bactericidal effect of penicillins.	erythromycins	penicillins	effect
Ampicillin_ddi.xml	Probenecid: May decrease renal tubular secretion of ampicillin resulting in increased blood levels and/or ampicillin toxicity.	Probenecid	ampicillin	mechanism
Ampicillin_ddi.xml	Bacteriostatic Antibiotics: Chloramphenicol, erythromycins, sulfonamides, or tetracyclines may interfere with the bactericidal effect of penicillins.	tetracyclines	penicillins	effect
Ampicillin_ddi.xml	Bacteriostatic Antibiotics: Chloramphenicol, erythromycins, sulfonamides, or tetracyclines may interfere with the bactericidal effect of penicillins.	Chloramphenicol	penicillins	effect
Ampicillin_ddi.xml	Bacteriostatic Antibiotics: Chloramphenicol, erythromycins, sulfonamides, or tetracyclines may interfere with the bactericidal effect of penicillins.	sulfonamides	penicillins	effect
Amprenavir_ddi.xml	Appropriate laboratory testing should be considered prior to initiating combination therapy with Amprenavir and ritonavir and at periodic intervals or if any clinical signs or symptoms of hyperlipidemia or elevated liver function tests occur during therapy.	Amprenavir	ritonavir	advise
Amprenavir_ddi.xml	Laboratory Tests: The combination of Amprenavir and low-dose ritonavir has been associated with elevations of cholesterol and triglycerides, SGOT (AST), and SGPT (ALT) in some patients.	Amprenavir	ritonavir	effect
Amprenavir_ddi.xml	Nelfinavir steady-state Cmax, A.C. and Cmin were increased by 12%, 15%, and 14%, respectively, by concomitant amprenavir.	Nelfinavir	amprenavir	mechanism
Amprenavir_ddi.xml	Coadministration of amprenavir and methadone as compared to a non-matched historicalcontrol group resulted in a 30%, 27%, and 25% decrease in serum amprenavir AUC, Cmax, andCmin, respectively.	amprenavir	methadone	mechanism
Amprenavir_ddi.xml	Indinavir steady-state Cmax, A.C. and Cmin were decreased by 22%, 38%, and 27%, respectively, by concomitant amprenavir.	Indinavir	amprenavir	mechanism
Amprenavir_ddi.xml	Methadone: Coadministration of amprenavir and methadone can decrease plasma levels of methadone.	amprenavir	methadone	effect
Amprenavir_ddi.xml	Saquinavir steady-state Cmax, A.C. and Cmin were increased 21%, decreased 19%, and decreased 48%, respectively, by concomitant amprenavir.	Saquinavir	amprenavir	mechanism
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	The effects of medicinal products with similar properties such as inotropes milrinone, enoximone, amrinone, olprinone and cilostazol may be exacerbated by anagrelide.	cilostazol	anagrelide	effect
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	Anagrelide demonstrates some limited inhibitory activity towards CYP1A2 which may present a theoretical potential for interaction with other coadministered medicinal products sharing that clearance mechanism e.g. theophylline.	Anagrelide	theophylline	mechanism
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	There is a single case report, which suggests that sucralfate may interfere with anagrelide absorption.	sucralfate	anagrelide	mechanism
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	The effects of medicinal products with similar properties such as inotropes milrinone, enoximone, amrinone, olprinone and cilostazol may be exacerbated by anagrelide.	olprinone	anagrelide	effect
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	The effects of medicinal products with similar properties such as inotropes milrinone, enoximone, amrinone, olprinone and cilostazol may be exacerbated by anagrelide.	milrinone	anagrelide	effect
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	The effects of medicinal products with similar properties such as inotropes milrinone, enoximone, amrinone, olprinone and cilostazol may be exacerbated by anagrelide.	enoximone	anagrelide	effect
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	Anagrelide alone had no effect on platelet aggregation, but did slightly enhance the inhibition of platelet aggregation by aspirin.	Anagrelide	aspirin	effect
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	The effects of medicinal products with similar properties such as inotropes milrinone, enoximone, amrinone, olprinone and cilostazol may be exacerbated by anagrelide.	amrinone	anagrelide	effect
Anagrelide_ddi.xml	It is known that CYP1A2 is inhibited by several medicinal products, including fluvoxamine, and such medicinal products could theoretically adversely influence the clearance of anagrelide.	fluvoxamine	anagrelide	mechanism
Anakinra_ddi.xml	In a study in which patients with active RA were treated for up to 24 weeks with concurrent Kineret and etanercept therapy, a 7% rate of serious infections was observed, which was higher than that observed with etanercept alone (0%).	Kineret	etanercept	effect
Anakinra_ddi.xml	Two percent of patients treated concurrently with Kineret and etanercept developed neutropenia (ANC  1 x 109/L).	Kineret	etanercept	effect
Anastrozole_ddi.xml	Estrogen-containing therapies should not be used with ARIMIDEX as they may diminish its pharmacologic action.	Estrogen	ARIMIDEX	advise
Anastrozole_ddi.xml	Based on clinical and pharmacokinetic results from the ATAC trial, tamoxifen should not be administered with anastrozole (see CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY   Drug Interactions and CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY - Clinical Studies - Adjuvant Treatment of Breast Cancer in Postmenopausal Women subsections).	tamoxifen	anastrozole	advise
Anastrozole_ddi.xml	Co-administration of anastrozole and tamoxifen resulted in a reduction of anastrozole plasma levels by 27% compared with those achieved with anastrozole alone.	anastrozole	tamoxifen	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Because oral anticoagulants may interfere with the hepatic metabolism of phenytoin, toxic levels of the anticonvulsant may occur when an oral anticoagulant and phenytoin are administered concurrently.	anticoagulant	phenytoin	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	pyrazolones	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reduce the number of blood platelets by causing bone marrow depression (such as antineoplastic agents) or drugs which inhibit platelet function (eg, aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dipyridamole, hydrochloroquine, clofibrate, dextran) may increase the bleeding tendency produced by anticoagulants without altering prothrombin time determinations.	hydrochloroquine	anticoagulants	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	sulfamethoxazole	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	methyldopa	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	cholestyramine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	alcohol	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	antacids	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	amiodarone	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	chloral hydrate	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	For example, since cholestyramine may reduce the gastrointestinal absorption of both the oral anticoagulants and vitamin K, the net effects are unpredictable.	cholestyramine	anticoagulants	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	The beneficial effects on arterial thrombus formation from combined therapy with antiplatelet and anticoagulant medication must be weighed against an increased risk of inducing hemorrhage.	antiplatelet medication	anticoagulant medication	advise
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	influenza virus vaccine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	contraceptives	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	diflunisal	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	haloperidol	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	aminosalicylic acid	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	chymotrypsin	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reduce the number of blood platelets by causing bone marrow depression (such as antineoplastic agents) or drugs which inhibit platelet function (eg, aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dipyridamole, hydrochloroquine, clofibrate, dextran) may increase the bleeding tendency produced by anticoagulants without altering prothrombin time determinations.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	anticoagulants	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	ethchlorvynol	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Because oral anticoagulants may interfere with the hepatic metabolism of phenytoin, toxic levels of the anticonvulsant may occur when an oral anticoagulant and phenytoin are administered concurrently.	anticoagulants	phenytoin	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	thyroid drugs	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	phenytoin	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	alcohol	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	rifampin	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	sulfinpyrazone	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Oral anticoagulants may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of hypoglycemic agents, eg, tolbutamide and chlorpropamide, by inhibiting their metabolism in the liver.	anticoagulants	tolbutamide	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	ethacrynic acid	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	pentoxifylline	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	indomethacin	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	quinidine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	triclofos sodium	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;	anticoagulant	adrenocortical steroids	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	dextrothyroxine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	warfarin sodium	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	ranitidine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	glucagon	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	ranitidine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	naproxen	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reduce the number of blood platelets by causing bone marrow depression (such as antineoplastic agents) or drugs which inhibit platelet function (eg, aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dipyridamole, hydrochloroquine, clofibrate, dextran) may increase the bleeding tendency produced by anticoagulants without altering prothrombin time determinations.	aspirin	anticoagulants	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	metronidazole	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	anabolic steroids	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	For example, since cholestyramine may reduce the gastrointestinal absorption of both the oral anticoagulants and vitamin K, the net effects are unpredictable.	cholestyramine	vitamin K	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	oxyphenbutazone	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reduce the number of blood platelets by causing bone marrow depression (such as antineoplastic agents) or drugs which inhibit platelet function (eg, aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dipyridamole, hydrochloroquine, clofibrate, dextran) may increase the bleeding tendency produced by anticoagulants without altering prothrombin time determinations.	dextran	anticoagulants	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reduce the number of blood platelets by causing bone marrow depression (such as antineoplastic agents) or drugs which inhibit platelet function (eg, aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dipyridamole, hydrochloroquine, clofibrate, dextran) may increase the bleeding tendency produced by anticoagulants without altering prothrombin time determinations.	clofibrate	anticoagulants	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	trimethoprim	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	clofibrate	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	barbiturates	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	antibiotics	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	griseofulvin	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	chlordiazepoxide	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	sulfonamides	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	vitamin K	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reduce the number of blood platelets by causing bone marrow depression (such as antineoplastic agents) or drugs which inhibit platelet function (eg, aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dipyridamole, hydrochloroquine, clofibrate, dextran) may increase the bleeding tendency produced by anticoagulants without altering prothrombin time determinations.	antineoplastic agents	anticoagulants	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Oral anticoagulants may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of hypoglycemic agents, eg, tolbutamide and chlorpropamide, by inhibiting their metabolism in the liver.	anticoagulants	chlorpropamide	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	paraldehyde	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	meprobamate	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	prolonged narcotics	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	cimetidine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	methylphenidate	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	anesthetics	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	diazoxide	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	allopurinol	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reduce the number of blood platelets by causing bone marrow depression (such as antineoplastic agents) or drugs which inhibit platelet function (eg, aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dipyridamole, hydrochloroquine, clofibrate, dextran) may increase the bleeding tendency produced by anticoagulants without altering prothrombin time determinations.	dipyridamole	anticoagulants	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	cinchophen	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	salicylates	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	vitamin C	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Oral anticoagulants may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of hypoglycemic agents, eg, tolbutamide and chlorpropamide, by inhibiting their metabolism in the liver.	anticoagulants	hypoglycemic agents	mechanism
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	chlorpropamide	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	phenyramidol	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	warfarin sodium	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	mefenamic acid	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	sulindac	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	antihistamines	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	diuretics	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	nalidixic acid	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	carbamazepine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	chloral hydrate	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	bromelains	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	quinine	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	primidone	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	miconazole	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	tolbutamide	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	disulfiram	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	adrenocortical steroids	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that have been reported to diminish oral anticoagulant response, ie, decreased prothrom-bin time response, in man significantly include: adrenocortical steroids;alcohol*;antacids;antihistamines;barbiturates;carbamazepine;chloral hydrate*;chlordiazepoxide;cholestyramine;diet high in vitamin K;diuretics*;ethchlorvynol;glutethimide;griseofulvin;haloperidol;meprobamate;oral contraceptives;paraldehyde;primidone;ranitidine*;rifampin;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;vitamin C;warfarin sodium under-dosage.	anticoagulant	glutethimide	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	dextran	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	phenylbutazone	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;	anticoagulant	alcohol	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	fenoprofen	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	ibuprofen	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Drugs that reportedly may increase oral anticoagulant response, ie, increased prothrombin response, in man include:alcohol*;allopurinol;aminosalicylic acid;amiodarone;anabolic steroids;antibiotics;bromelains;chloral hydrate*;chlorpropamide;chymotrypsin;cimetidine;cinchophen;clofibrate;dextran;dextrothyroxine;diazoxide;dietary deficiencies;diflunisal;disulfiram;drugs affecting blood elements;ethacrynic acid;fenoprofen;glucagon;hepatotoxic drugs;ibuprofen;indomethacin;influenza virus vaccine;inhalation anesthetics;mefenamic acid;methyldopa;methylphenidate;metronidazole;miconazole;monoamine oxidase inhibitors;nalidixic acid;naproxen;oxolinic acid;oxyphenbutazone;pentoxifylline;phenylbutazone;phenyramidol;phenytoin;prolonged hot weather;prolonged narcotics;pyrazolones;quinidine;quinine;ranitidine*;salicylates;sulfinpyrazone;sulfonamides, long acting;sulindac;thyroid drugs;tolbutamide;triclofos sodium;trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole;unreliable prothrombin time determinations;warfarin sodium overdosage.	anticoagulant	oxolinic acid	effect
Anisindione_ddi.xml	Chloral hydrate may cause an increased prothrombin response by displacing the anticoagulant from protein binding sites or a diminished prothrombin response through increased metabolism of the unbound drug by hepatic enzyme induction, thus leading to inter-patient variation in ultimate prothrombin effect.	Chloral hydrate	anticoagulant	mechanism
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	5HT3 Antagonists: Based on reports of profound hypotension and loss of consciousness when apomorphine was administered with ondansetron, the concomitant use of apomorphine with drugs of the 5HT3 antagonist class (including, for example, ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, palonosetron, and alosetron) is contraindicated .	apomorphine	alosetron	advise
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	Patients with major psychotic disorders, treated with neuroleptics, should be treated with dopamine agonists only if the potential benefits outweigh the risks.	neuroleptics	dopamine agonists	advise
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	5HT3 Antagonists: Based on reports of profound hypotension and loss of consciousness when apomorphine was administered with ondansetron, the concomitant use of apomorphine with drugs of the 5HT3 antagonist class (including, for example, ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, palonosetron, and alosetron) is contraindicated .	apomorphine	granisetron	advise
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	Dopamine Antagonists: Since apomorphine is a dopamine agonist, it is possible that dopamine antagonists, such as the neuroleptics (phenothiazines, butyrophenones, thioxanthenes) or metoclopramide, may diminish the effectiveness of APOKYN.	phenothiazines	APOKYN	effect
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	5HT3 Antagonists: Based on reports of profound hypotension and loss of consciousness when apomorphine was administered with ondansetron, the concomitant use of apomorphine with drugs of the 5HT3 antagonist class (including, for example, ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, palonosetron, and alosetron) is contraindicated .	apomorphine	ondansetron	advise
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	Dopamine Antagonists: Since apomorphine is a dopamine agonist, it is possible that dopamine antagonists, such as the neuroleptics (phenothiazines, butyrophenones, thioxanthenes) or metoclopramide, may diminish the effectiveness of APOKYN.	butyrophenones	APOKYN	effect
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	Dopamine Antagonists: Since apomorphine is a dopamine agonist, it is possible that dopamine antagonists, such as the neuroleptics (phenothiazines, butyrophenones, thioxanthenes) or metoclopramide, may diminish the effectiveness of APOKYN.	thioxanthenes	APOKYN	effect
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	5HT3 Antagonists: Based on reports of profound hypotension and loss of consciousness when apomorphine was administered with ondansetron, the concomitant use of apomorphine with drugs of the 5HT3 antagonist class (including, for example, ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, palonosetron, and alosetron) is contraindicated .	apomorphine	dolasetron	advise
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	Dopamine Antagonists: Since apomorphine is a dopamine agonist, it is possible that dopamine antagonists, such as the neuroleptics (phenothiazines, butyrophenones, thioxanthenes) or metoclopramide, may diminish the effectiveness of APOKYN.	dopamine antagonists	metoclopramide	effect
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	Antihypertensive Medications and Vasodilators: The following adverse events were experienced more commonly in patients receiving concomitant antihypertensive medications or vasodilators (n = 94) compared to patients not receiving these concomitant drugs (n = 456): hypotension 10% vs 4%, myocardial infarction 3% vs 1%, serious pneumonia 5% vs 3%, serious falls 9% vs 3%, and bone and joint injuries 6% vs 2%.	antihypertensive medications	vasodilators	effect
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	5HT3 Antagonists: Based on reports of profound hypotension and loss of consciousness when apomorphine was administered with ondansetron, the concomitant use of apomorphine with drugs of the 5HT3 antagonist class (including, for example, ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, palonosetron, and alosetron) is contraindicated .	apomorphine	palonosetron	advise
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	5HT3 Antagonists: Based on reports of profound hypotension and loss of consciousness when apomorphine was administered with ondansetron, the concomitant use of apomorphine with drugs of the 5HT3 antagonist class (including, for example, ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, palonosetron, and alosetron) is contraindicated .	apomorphine	ondansetron	effect
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	5HT3 Antagonists: Based on reports of profound hypotension and loss of consciousness when apomorphine was administered with ondansetron, the concomitant use of apomorphine with drugs of the 5HT3 antagonist class (including, for example, ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, palonosetron, and alosetron) is contraindicated .	apomorphine	5HT3 antagonist class	advise
Apomorphine_ddi.xml	Dopamine Antagonists: Since apomorphine is a dopamine agonist, it is possible that dopamine antagonists, such as the neuroleptics (phenothiazines, butyrophenones, thioxanthenes) or metoclopramide, may diminish the effectiveness of APOKYN.	metoclopramide	APOKYN	effect
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Although no specific drug interactions with topical glaucoma drugs or systemic medications were identified in clinical studies of IOPIDINE 0.5% Ophthalmic Solution, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, anesthetics) should be considered.	IOPIDINE	CNS depressants	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to blunt the hypotensive effect of systemic clonidine.	Tricyclic antidepressants	clonidine	effect
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Since apraclonidine may reduce pulse and blood pressure, caution in using drugs such as beta-blockers (ophthalmic and systemic), antihypertensives, and cardiac glycosides is advised.	apraclonidine	cardiac glycosides	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Although no specific drug interactions with topical glaucoma drugs or systemic medications were identified in clinical studies of IOPIDINE 0.5% Ophthalmic Solution, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, anesthetics) should be considered.	IOPIDINE	sedatives	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Since apraclonidine may reduce pulse and blood pressure, caution in using drugs such as beta-blockers (ophthalmic and systemic), antihypertensives, and cardiac glycosides is advised.	apraclonidine	antihypertensives	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Although no specific drug interactions with topical glaucoma drugs or systemic medications were identified in clinical studies of IOPIDINE 0.5% Ophthalmic Solution, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, anesthetics) should be considered.	IOPIDINE	alcohol	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Apraclonidine should not be used in patients receiving MAO inhibitors..	Apraclonidine	MAO inhibitors	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	An additive hypotensive effect has been reported with the combination of systemic clonidine and neuroleptic therapy.	clonidine	neuroleptic	effect
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Since apraclonidine may reduce pulse and blood pressure, caution in using drugs such as beta-blockers (ophthalmic and systemic), antihypertensives, and cardiac glycosides is advised.	apraclonidine	beta-blockers	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Although no specific drug interactions with topical glaucoma drugs or systemic medications were identified in clinical studies of IOPIDINE 0.5% Ophthalmic Solution, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, anesthetics) should be considered.	IOPIDINE	anesthetics	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Although no specific drug interactions with topical glaucoma drugs or systemic medications were identified in clinical studies of IOPIDINE 0.5% Ophthalmic Solution, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, anesthetics) should be considered.	IOPIDINE	barbiturates	advise
Apraclonidine_ddi.xml	Although no specific drug interactions with topical glaucoma drugs or systemic medications were identified in clinical studies of IOPIDINE 0.5% Ophthalmic Solution, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, anesthetics) should be considered.	IOPIDINE	opiates	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	therefore, the efficacy of oral contraceptives during administration of Aprepitant may be reduced.	contraceptives	Aprepitant	effect
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Aprepitant, when given as a regimen of 125 mg on Day 1 and 80 mg/day on Days 2 and 3, increased the AUC of methylprednisolone, a CYP3A4 substrate, by 1.34-fold on Day 1 and by 2.5-fold on Day 3, when methylprednisolone was coadministered intravenously as 125 mg on Day 1 and orally as 40 mg on Days 2 and 3.	Aprepitant	methylprednisolone	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The potential effects of increased plasma concentrations of midazolam or other benzodiazepines metabolized via CYP3A4 (alprazolam, triazolam) should be considered when coadministering these agents with Aprepitant.	benzodiazepines	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Midazolam: Aprepitant increased the AUC of midazolam, a sensitive CYP3A4 substrate, by 2.3-fold on Day 1 and 3.3-fold on Day 5, when a single oral dose of midazolam 2 mg was coadministered on Day 1 and Day 5 of a regimen of Aprepitant 125 mg on Day 1 and 80 mg/day on Days 2 through 5.	Aprepitant	midazolam	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Oral contraceptives: Aprepitant, when given once daily for 14 days as a 100-mg capsule with an oral contraceptive containing 35 mcg of ethinyl estradiol and 1 mg of norethindrone, decreased the AUC of ethinyl estradiol by 43%, and decreased the AUC of norethindrone by 8%;	Aprepitant	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Aprepitant has been shown to induce the metabolism of S(-) warfarin and tolbutamide, which are metabolized through CYP2C9.	Aprepitant	tolbutamide	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Consequently, concomitant administration of Aprepitant with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, nefazodone, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, nelfinavir) should be approached with caution.	Aprepitant	ketoconazole	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The potential effects of increased plasma concentrations of midazolam or other benzodiazepines metabolized via CYP3A4 (alprazolam, triazolam) should be considered when coadministering these agents with Aprepitant.	midazolam	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Consequently, concomitant administration of Aprepitant with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, nefazodone, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, nelfinavir) should be approached with caution.	Aprepitant	nefazodone	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Consequently, concomitant administration of Aprepitant with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, nefazodone, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, nelfinavir) should be approached with caution.	Aprepitant	itraconazole	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Paroxetine: Coadministration of once daily doses of aprepitant, as a tablet formulation comparable to 85 mg or 170 mg of the capsule formulation, with paroxetine 20 mg once daily, resulted in a decrease in AUC by approximately 25% and Cmax, by approximately 20% of both aprepitant and paroxetine.	aprepitant	paroxetine	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Consequently, concomitant administration of Aprepitant with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, nefazodone, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, nelfinavir) should be approached with caution.	Aprepitant	nelfinavir	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	therefore, coadministration of Aprepitant with drugs that strongly induce CYP3A4 activity (e.g., rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin) may result in reduced plasma concentrations of aprepitant that may result in decreased efficacy of Aprepitant.	Aprepitant	phenytoin	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Aprepitant increased the AUC of midazolam by 25% on Day 4 and decreased the AUC of midazolam by 19% on Day 8 relative to the dosing of Aprepitant on Days 1 through 3.	Aprepitant	midazolam	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Although a 3-day regimen of Aprepitant given concomitantly with oral contraceptives has not been studied, alternative or back-up methods of contraception should be used.	Aprepitant	contraceptives	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Diltiazem: In patients with mild to moderate hypertension, administration of aprepitant once daily, as a tablet formulation comparable to 230 mg of the capsule formulation, with diltiazem 120 mg 3 times daily for 5 days, resulted in a 2-fold increase of aprepitant AUC and a simultaneous 1.7-fold increase of diltiazem AUC.	aprepitant	diltiazem	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Consequently, concomitant administration of Aprepitant with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, nefazodone, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, nelfinavir) should be approached with caution.	Aprepitant	clarithromycin	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Although there was no effect of Aprepitant on the plasma AUC of R(+) or S(-) warfarin determined on Day 3, there was a 34% decrease in S(-)warfarin (a CYP2C9 substrate) trough concentration accompanied by a 14% decrease in the prothrombin time (reported as International Normalized Ratio or INR) 5 days after completion of dosing with Aprepitant.	S(-)warfarin	Aprepitant	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The potential effects of increased plasma concentrations of midazolam or other benzodiazepines metabolized via CYP3A4 (alprazolam, triazolam) should be considered when coadministering these agents with Aprepitant.	triazolam	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	therefore, coadministration of Aprepitant with drugs that strongly induce CYP3A4 activity (e.g., rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin) may result in reduced plasma concentrations of aprepitant that may result in decreased efficacy of Aprepitant.	Aprepitant	rifampin	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Rifampin: When a single 375-mg dose of Aprepitant was administered on Day9 of a 14-day regimen of 600 mg/day of rifampin, a strong CYP3A4 inducer, the AUC of aprepitant decreased approximately 11-fold and the mean terminal half-life decreased approximately 3-fold.	Aprepitant	rifampin	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids: Dexamethasone: Aprepitant, when given as a regimen of 125mg with dexamethasone coadministered orally as 20 mg on Day 1, and Aprepitant when given as 80 mg/day with dexamethasone coadministered orally as 8 mg on Days 2 through 5, increased the AUC of dexamethasone, a CYP3A4 substrate by 2.2-fold, on Days 1 and 5.	Aprepitant	dexamethasone	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Consequently, concomitant administration of Aprepitant with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, nefazodone, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, nelfinavir) should be approached with caution.	Aprepitant	troleandomycin	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Aprepitant increased the AUC of midazolam by 25% on Day 4 and decreased the AUC of midazolam by 19% on Day 8 relative to the dosing of Aprepitant on Days 1 through 3.	Aprepitant	midazolam	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	therefore, coadministration of Aprepitant with drugs that strongly induce CYP3A4 activity (e.g., rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin) may result in reduced plasma concentrations of aprepitant that may result in decreased efficacy of Aprepitant.	Aprepitant	aprepitant	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Aprepitant has been shown to induce the metabolism of S(-) warfarin and tolbutamide, which are metabolized through CYP2C9.	Aprepitant	S(-) warfarin	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	In patients on chronic warfarin therapy, the prothrombin time (INR) should be closely monitored in the 2-week period, particularly at 7 to 10 days, following initiation of the 3-day regimen of Aprepitant with each chemotherapy cycle.	warfarin	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Tolbutamide: Aprepitant, when given as 125 mg on Day 1 and 80 mg/day on Days 2 and 3, decreased the AUC of tolbutamide (a CYP2C9 substrate) by 23% on Day 4, 28% on Day 8, and 15% on Day 15, when a single dose of tolbutamide 500 mg was admini,stered orally prior to the administration of the 3-day regimen of Aprepitant and on Days 4,8, and 15.	tolbutamide	Aprepitant	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The IV methylprednisolone dose should be reduced by approximately 25%, and the oral methylprednisolone dose should be reduced by approximately 50% when coadministered with Aprepitant to achieve exposures of methylprednisolone similar to those obtained when it is given without Aprepitant.	methylprednisolone	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The daily dose of dexamethasone administered in clinical studies with Aprepitant reflects an approximate 50% reduction of the dose of dexamethasone.	dexamethasone	Aprepitant	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The oral dexamethasone doses should be reduced by approximately 50% when coadministered with Aprepitant, to achieve exposures of dexamethasone similar to those obtained when it is given without Aprepitant.	dexamethasone	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids: Dexamethasone: Aprepitant, when given as a regimen of 125mg with dexamethasone coadministered orally as 20 mg on Day 1, and Aprepitant when given as 80 mg/day with dexamethasone coadministered orally as 8 mg on Days 2 through 5, increased the AUC of dexamethasone, a CYP3A4 substrate by 2.2-fold, on Days 1 and 5.	Aprepitant	dexamethasone	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The IV methylprednisolone dose should be reduced by approximately 25%, and the oral methylprednisolone dose should be reduced by approximately 50% when coadministered with Aprepitant to achieve exposures of methylprednisolone similar to those obtained when it is given without Aprepitant.	methylprednisolone	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	The potential effects of increased plasma concentrations of midazolam or other benzodiazepines metabolized via CYP3A4 (alprazolam, triazolam) should be considered when coadministering these agents with Aprepitant.	alprazolam	Aprepitant	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Oral contraceptives: Aprepitant, when given once daily for 14 days as a 100-mg capsule with an oral contraceptive containing 35 mcg of ethinyl estradiol and 1 mg of norethindrone, decreased the AUC of ethinyl estradiol by 43%, and decreased the AUC of norethindrone by 8%;	Aprepitant	norethindrone	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Consequently, concomitant administration of Aprepitant with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, nefazodone, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, nelfinavir) should be approached with caution.	Aprepitant	ritonavir	advise
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: When a single 125-mg dose of Aprepitant was administered on Day5 of a 10-day regimen of 400 mg/day of ketoconazole, a strong CYP3A4 inhibitor, the AUC of aprepitant increased approximately 5-fold and the mean terminal half-life of aprepitant increased approximately 3-fold.	Aprepitant	ketoconazole	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Coadministration of Aprepitant with these drugs or other drugs that are known to be metabolized by CYP2C9, such as phenytoin, may result in lower plasma concentrations of these drugs.	Aprepitant	phenytoin	mechanism
Aprepitant_ddi.xml	Because moderate CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., diltiazem) result in 2-fold increase in plasma concentrations of aprepitant, concomitant administration should also be approached with caution.	diltiazem	aprepitant	advise
Arbutamine_ddi.xml	Beta-adrenergic blocking agents should be withdrawn at least 48 hours before conducting an arbutamine-mediated stress test.	Beta-adrenergic blocking agents	arbutamine	advise
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	BROVANA, as with other beta2-agonists, should be administered with extreme caution to patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, or drugs known to prolong the QTc interval because the action of adrenergic agonists on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	BROVANA	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	advise
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	The ECG changes and/or hypokalemia that may result from the administration of non-potassium sparing diuretics (such as loop or thiazide diuretics) can be acutely worsened by beta-agonists, especially when the recommended dose of the beta-agonist is exceeded.	loop diuretics	beta-agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Beta-adrenergic receptor antagonists (beta-blockers) and BROVANA may interfere with the effect of each other when administered concurrently.	Beta-adrenergic receptor antagonists	BROVANA	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	BROVANA, as with other beta2-agonists, should be administered with extreme caution to patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, or drugs known to prolong the QTc interval because the action of adrenergic agonists on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	beta2-agonists	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers not only block the therapeutic effects of beta-agonists, but may produce severe bronchospasm in COPD patients.	Beta-blockers	beta-agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	BROVANA, as with other beta2-agonists, should be administered with extreme caution to patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, or drugs known to prolong the QTc interval because the action of adrenergic agonists on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	adrenergic agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Concomitant treatment with methylxanthines (aminophylline, theophylline), steroids, or diuretics may potentiate any hypokalemic effect of adrenergic agonists.	aminophylline	adrenergic agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	The ECG changes and/or hypokalemia that may result from the administration of non-potassium sparing diuretics (such as loop or thiazide diuretics) can be acutely worsened by beta-agonists, especially when the recommended dose of the beta-agonist is exceeded.	non-potassium sparing diuretics	beta-agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Concomitant treatment with methylxanthines (aminophylline, theophylline), steroids, or diuretics may potentiate any hypokalemic effect of adrenergic agonists.	theophylline	adrenergic agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	BROVANA, as with other beta2-agonists, should be administered with extreme caution to patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, or drugs known to prolong the QTc interval because the action of adrenergic agonists on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	beta2-agonists	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	advise
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Concomitant treatment with methylxanthines (aminophylline, theophylline), steroids, or diuretics may potentiate any hypokalemic effect of adrenergic agonists.	steroids	adrenergic agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	If additional adrenergic drugs are to be administered by any route, they should be used with caution because the pharmacologically predictable sympathetic effects of BROVANA may be potentiated.	adrenergic drugs	BROVANA	advise
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Although the clinical significance of these effects is not known, caution is advised in the co-administration of beta-agonists with non-potassium sparing diuretics.	beta-agonists	non-potassium sparing diuretics	advise
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Concomitant treatment with methylxanthines (aminophylline, theophylline), steroids, or diuretics may potentiate any hypokalemic effect of adrenergic agonists.	diuretics	adrenergic agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	The ECG changes and/or hypokalemia that may result from the administration of non-potassium sparing diuretics (such as loop or thiazide diuretics) can be acutely worsened by beta-agonists, especially when the recommended dose of the beta-agonist is exceeded.	thiazide diuretics	beta-agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	BROVANA, as with other beta2-agonists, should be administered with extreme caution to patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, or drugs known to prolong the QTc interval because the action of adrenergic agonists on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	tricyclic antidepressants	adrenergic agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Beta-adrenergic receptor antagonists (beta-blockers) and BROVANA may interfere with the effect of each other when administered concurrently.	beta-blockers	BROVANA	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	Concomitant treatment with methylxanthines (aminophylline, theophylline), steroids, or diuretics may potentiate any hypokalemic effect of adrenergic agonists.	methylxanthines	adrenergic agonists	effect
Arformoterol_ddi.xml	BROVANA, as with other beta2-agonists, should be administered with extreme caution to patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, or drugs known to prolong the QTc interval because the action of adrenergic agonists on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	BROVANA	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Argatroban_ddi.xml	Co-administration: Concomitant use of Argatroban with antiplatelet agents, thrombolytics, and other anticoagulants may increase the risk of bleeding.	Argatroban	anticoagulants	effect
Argatroban_ddi.xml	Co-administration: Concomitant use of Argatroban with antiplatelet agents, thrombolytics, and other anticoagulants may increase the risk of bleeding.	Argatroban	thrombolytics	effect
Argatroban_ddi.xml	However, the concomitant use of Argatroban and warfarin (5-7.5 mg initial oral dose followed by 2.5-6 mg/day orally for 6-10 days) results in prolongation of the prothrombin time (PT) and International Normalized Ratio (INR).	Argatroban	warfarin	effect
Argatroban_ddi.xml	Co-administration: Concomitant use of Argatroban with antiplatelet agents, thrombolytics, and other anticoagulants may increase the risk of bleeding.	Argatroban	antiplatelet agents	effect
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Agents that induce CYP3A4 (eg, carbamazepine) could cause an increase in aripiprazole clearance and lower blood levels.	carbamazepine	aripiprazole	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole) or CYP2D6 (eg, quinidine, fluoxetine, or paroxetine) can inhibit aripiprazole elimination and cause increased blood levels.	ketoconazole	aripiprazole	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Coadministration of ketoconazole (200 mg/day for 14 days) with a 15-mg single dose of aripiprazole increased the AUC of aripiprazole and its active metabolite by 63% and 77%, respectively.	ketoconazole	aripiprazole	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole) or CYP2D6 (eg, quinidine, fluoxetine, or paroxetine) can inhibit aripiprazole elimination and cause increased blood levels.	fluoxetine	aripiprazole	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	As with most psychoactive medications, patients should be advised to avoid alcohol while taking ABILIFY	alcohol	ABILIFY	advise
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	When carbamazepine is withdrawn from the combination therapy, aripiprazole dose should then be reduced.	carbamazepine	aripiprazole	advise
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	When concomitant administration of ketoconazole with aripiprazole occurs, aripiprazole dose should be reduced to one-half of its normal dose.	ketoconazole	aripiprazole	advise
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: Coadministration of carbamazepine (200 mg BID), a potent CYP3A4 inducer, with aripiprazole (30 mg QD) resulted in an approximate 70% decrease in Cmax and AUC values of both aripiprazole and its active metabolite, dehydro-aripiprazole.	carbamazepine	aripiprazole	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Quinidine: Coadministration of a 10-mg single dose of aripiprazole with quinidine (166 mg/day for 13 days), a potent inhibitor of CYP2D6, increased the AUC of aripiprazole by 112% but decreased the AUC of its active metabolite, dehydroaripiprazole, by 35%.	aripiprazole	quinidine	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole) or CYP2D6 (eg, quinidine, fluoxetine, or paroxetine) can inhibit aripiprazole elimination and cause increased blood levels.	quinidine	aripiprazole	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Aripiprazole dose should be reduced to one-half of its normal dose when concomitant administration of quinidine with aripiprazole occurs.	quinidine	aripiprazole	advise
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	When carbamazepine is added to aripiprazole therapy, aripiprazole dose should be doubled.	carbamazepine	aripiprazole	advise
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	1- adrenergic receptor antagonism, aripiprazole has the potential to enhance the effect of certain antihypertensive agents.	aripiprazole	antihypertensive agents	effect
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole) or CYP2D6 (eg, quinidine, fluoxetine, or paroxetine) can inhibit aripiprazole elimination and cause increased blood levels.	paroxetine	aripiprazole	mechanism
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Drug-Drug Interactions Given the primary CNS effects of aripiprazole, caution should be used when ABILIFY is taken in combination with other centrally acting drugs and alcohol.	ABILIFY	centrally acting drugs	advise
Aripiprazole_ddi.xml	Drug-Drug Interactions Given the primary CNS effects of aripiprazole, caution should be used when ABILIFY is taken in combination with other centrally acting drugs and alcohol.	ABILIFY	alcohol	advise
Arsenic trioxide_ddi.xml	Caution is advised when TRISENOX is coadministered with other medications that can prolong the QT interval (e.g. certain antiarrhythmics or thioridazine) or lead to electrolyte abnormalities (such as diuretics or amphotericin B).	TRISENOX	thioridazine	advise
Arsenic trioxide_ddi.xml	Caution is advised when TRISENOX is coadministered with other medications that can prolong the QT interval (e.g. certain antiarrhythmics or thioridazine) or lead to electrolyte abnormalities (such as diuretics or amphotericin B).	TRISENOX	diuretics	advise
Arsenic trioxide_ddi.xml	Caution is advised when TRISENOX is coadministered with other medications that can prolong the QT interval (e.g. certain antiarrhythmics or thioridazine) or lead to electrolyte abnormalities (such as diuretics or amphotericin B).	TRISENOX	antiarrhythmics	advise
Arsenic trioxide_ddi.xml	Caution is advised when TRISENOX is coadministered with other medications that can prolong the QT interval (e.g. certain antiarrhythmics or thioridazine) or lead to electrolyte abnormalities (such as diuretics or amphotericin B).	TRISENOX	amphotericin B	advise
Asparaginase_ddi.xml	Tissue culture and animal studies indicate that ELSPAR can diminish or abolish the effect of methotrexate on malignant cells.14 This effect on methotrexate activity persists as long as plasma asparagine levels are suppressed.	ELSPAR	methotrexate	effect
Asparaginase_ddi.xml	These results would seem to dictate against the clinical use of methotrexate with ELSPAR, or during the period following ELSPAR therapy when plasma asparagine levels are below normal.	methotrexate	ELSPAR	advise
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: Serum phenytoin levels may be increased by aspirin.	phenytoin	aspirin	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Pyrazolone Derivatives (phenylbutazone, oxyphenbutazone, and possibly dipyrone): Concomitant administration with aspirin may increase the risk of gastrointestinal ulceration.	oxyphenbutazone	aspirin	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Antacids: Enteric Coated Aspirin should not be given concurrently with antacids, since an increase in the pH of the stomach may effect the enteric coating of the tablets.	Aspirin	antacids	advise
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital: Decreases aspirin effectiveness by enzyme induction.	Phenobarbital	aspirin	mechanism
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Uricosuric Agents: Aspirin may decrease the effects of probenecid, sulfinpyrazone, and phenylbutazone.	Aspirin	sulfinpyrazone	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Alcohol: Has a synergistic effect with aspirin in causing gastrointestinal bleeding.	Alcohol	aspirin	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Pyrazolone Derivatives (phenylbutazone, oxyphenbutazone, and possibly dipyrone): Concomitant administration with aspirin may increase the risk of gastrointestinal ulceration.	Pyrazolone Derivatives	aspirin	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Pyrazolone Derivatives (phenylbutazone, oxyphenbutazone, and possibly dipyrone): Concomitant administration with aspirin may increase the risk of gastrointestinal ulceration.	dipyrone	aspirin	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids: Concomitant administration with aspirin may increase the risk of gastrointestinal ulceration and may reduce serum salicylate levels.	Corticosteroids	aspirin	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Nonsteroidal Antiinflammatory Agents: Aspirin is contraindicated in patients who are hypersensitive to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents.	Aspirin	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory	advise
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Uricosuric Agents: Aspirin may decrease the effects of probenecid, sulfinpyrazone, and phenylbutazone.	Aspirin	phenylbutazone	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Pyrazolone Derivatives (phenylbutazone, oxyphenbutazone, and possibly dipyrone): Concomitant administration with aspirin may increase the risk of gastrointestinal ulceration.	phenylbutazone	aspirin	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Propranolol: May decrease aspirins anti-inflammatory action by competing for the same receptors.	Propranolol	aspirins	effect
Aspirin_ddi.xml	Uricosuric Agents: Aspirin may decrease the effects of probenecid, sulfinpyrazone, and phenylbutazone.	Aspirin	probenecid	effect
Atenolol_ddi.xml	Calcium channel blockers may also have an additive effect when given with TENORMIN .	Calcium channel blockers	TENORMIN	effect
Atenolol_ddi.xml	Beta blockers may exacerbate the rebound hypertension which can follow the withdrawal of clonidine.	Beta blockers	clonidine	effect
Atenolol_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of prostaglandin synthase inhibiting drugs, eg, indomethacin, may decrease the hypotensive effects of beta blockers.	indomethacin	beta blockers	effect
Atenolol_ddi.xml	Catecholamine-depleting drugs (eg, reserpine) may have an additive effect when given with beta-blocking agents.	reserpine	beta-blocking agent	effect
Atenolol_ddi.xml	If replacing clonidine by beta-blocker therapy, the introduction of beta blockers should be delayed for several days after clonidine administration has stopped.	beta blockers	clonidine	advise
Atenolol_ddi.xml	If the two drugs are coadministered, the beta blocker should be withdrawn several days before the gradual withdrawal of clonidine.	beta blocker	clonidine	advise
Atomoxetine_ddi.xml	Dosage adjustment of STRATTERA may be necessary when coadministered with CYP2D6 inhibitors, e.g., paroxetine, fluoxetine, and quinidine.	STRATTERA	fluoxetine	advise
Atomoxetine_ddi.xml	In EM individuals treated with paroxetine or fluoxetine, the AUC of atomoxetine is approximately 6- to 8-fold and Css,max is about 3- to 4-fold greater than atomoxetine alone.	fluoxetine	atomoxetine	mechanism
Atomoxetine_ddi.xml	Dosage adjustment of STRATTERA may be necessary when coadministered with CYP2D6 inhibitors, e.g., paroxetine, fluoxetine, and quinidine.	STRATTERA	quinidine	advise
Atomoxetine_ddi.xml	Dosage adjustment of STRATTERA may be necessary when coadministered with CYP2D6 inhibitors, e.g., paroxetine, fluoxetine, and quinidine.	STRATTERA	paroxetine	advise
Atomoxetine_ddi.xml	In EM individuals treated with paroxetine or fluoxetine, the AUC of atomoxetine is approximately 6- to 8-fold and Css,max is about 3- to 4-fold greater than atomoxetine alone.	paroxetine	atomoxetine	mechanism
Atomoxetine_ddi.xml	Drug-Drug Interactions Albuterol - STRATTERA should be administered with caution to patients being treated with systemically-administered (oral or intravenous) albuterol (or other beta2 agonists) because the action of albuterol on the cardiovascular system can be potentiated resulting in increases in heart rate and blood pressure.	STRATTERA	albuterol	advise
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	However, LDL-C reduction was greater when atorvastatin and colestipol were coadministered than when either drug was given alone.	atorvastatin	colestipol	effect
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin: In healthy individuals, plasma concentrations of atorvastatin increased approximately 40% with coadministration of atorvastatin and erythromycin, a known inhibitor of cytochrome P450 3A4.	atorvastatin	erythromycin	mechanism
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Oral Contraceptives: Coadministration of atorvastatin and an oral contraceptive increased AUC values for norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol by approximately 30% and 20%.	atorvastatin	contraceptive	mechanism
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Oral Contraceptives: Coadministration of atorvastatin and an oral contraceptive increased AUC values for norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol by approximately 30% and 20%.	atorvastatin	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	These increases should be considered when selecting an oral contraceptive for a woman taking atorvastatin.	contraceptive	atorvastatin	advise
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Colestipol: Plasma concentrations of atorvastatin decreased approximately 25% when colestipol and atorvastatin were coadministered.	colestipol	atorvastatin	mechanism
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised if an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor is administered concomitantly with drugs that may decrease the levels or activity of endogenous steroid hormones, such as ketoconazole, spironolactone, and cimetidine.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor	spironolactone	advise
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Digoxin: When multiple doses of atorvastatin and digoxin were coadministered, steady-state plasma digoxin concentrations increased by approximately 20%.	atorvastatin	digoxin	mechanism
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Antacid: When atorvastatin and Maalox TC suspension were coadministered, plasma concentrations of atorvastatin decreased approximately 35%.	atorvastatin	Maalox TC	mechanism
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised if an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor is administered concomitantly with drugs that may decrease the levels or activity of endogenous steroid hormones, such as ketoconazole, spironolactone, and cimetidine.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor	cimetidine	advise
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised if an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor is administered concomitantly with drugs that may decrease the levels or activity of endogenous steroid hormones, such as ketoconazole, spironolactone, and cimetidine.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor	ketoconazole	advise
Atorvastatin_ddi.xml	Oral Contraceptives: Coadministration of atorvastatin and an oral contraceptive increased AUC values for norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol by approximately 30% and 20%.	atorvastatin	norethindrone	mechanism
Atovaquone_ddi.xml	Alternatives to rifampin should be considered during the course of PCP treatment with MEPRON.	rifampin	MEPRON	advise
Atovaquone_ddi.xml	Rifampin: Coadministration of rifampin and MEPRON Suspension results in a significant decrease in average steady- state plasma atovaquone concentrations.	rifampin	MEPRON	mechanism
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	aminoglycosides	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	procainamide	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	antibiotics	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	isoflurane	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	lithium	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	The prior administration of succinylcholine does not enhance the duration, but quickens the onset and may increase the depth, of neuromuscular block induced by TRACRIUM.	succinylcholine	TRACRIUM	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	quinidine	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;	TRACRIUM	enflurane	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	TRACRIUM should not be administered until a patient has recovered from succinylcholine-induced neuromuscular block.	TRACRIUM	succinylcholine	advise
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	polymyxins	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	magnesium	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	halothane	effect
Atracurium_ddi.xml	Drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of TRACRIUM include: enflurane;isoflurane;halothane;certain antibiotics, especially the aminoglycosides and polymyxins;lithium;magnesium salts;procainamide;and quinidine.	TRACRIUM	enflurane	effect
Atropine_ddi.xml	The following precautions should be kept in mind in the treatment of anticholinesterase poisoning although they do not bear directly on the use of atropine and pralidoxime.	atropine	pralidoxime	advise
Atropine_ddi.xml	When atropine and pralidoxime are used together, the signs of atropinization (flushing, mydriasis, tachycardia, dryness of the mouth and nose) may occur earlier than might be expected than when atropine is used alone because pralidoxime may potentiate the effect of atropine.	atropine	pralidoxime	effect
Atropine_ddi.xml	When atropine and pralidoxime are used together, the signs of atropinization (flushing, mydriasis, tachycardia, dryness of the mouth and nose) may occur earlier than might be expected than when atropine is used alone because pralidoxime may potentiate the effect of atropine.	pralidoxime	atropine	effect
Atropine_ddi.xml	Since barbiturates are potentiated by the anticholinesterases, they should be used cautiously in the treatment of convulsions.	barbiturates	anticholinesterases	advise
Auranofin_ddi.xml	Auranofin should not be used together with penicillamine (Depen, Cuprimine), another arthritis medication.	Auranofin	Cuprimine	advise
Auranofin_ddi.xml	Auranofin should be avoided by patients with a history of serious reaction to any gold medication, including Solganal and Myochrysine.	Auranofin	Solganal	advise
Auranofin_ddi.xml	Auranofin should not be used together with penicillamine (Depen, Cuprimine), another arthritis medication.	Auranofin	Depen	advise
Auranofin_ddi.xml	Auranofin should be avoided by patients with a history of serious reaction to any gold medication, including Solganal and Myochrysine.	Auranofin	Myochrysine	advise
Auranofin_ddi.xml	Auranofin should be avoided by patients with a history of serious reaction to any gold medication, including Solganal and Myochrysine.	Auranofin	gold medication	advise
Auranofin_ddi.xml	Auranofin should not be used together with penicillamine (Depen, Cuprimine), another arthritis medication.	Auranofin	penicillamine	advise
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of antihistamines with alcohol, tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, or other central nervous system depressants may have an additive effect.	antihistamines	alcohol	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Beta-adrenergic blocking agents may also interact with sympathomimetics.	Beta-adrenergic blocking agents	sympathomimetics	int
Azatadine_ddi.xml	The antihypertensive effects of methyldopa, mecamylamine, reserpine, and veratrum alkaloids may be reduced by sympathomimetics.	reserpine	sympathomimetics	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Antacids increase the rate of absorption of pseudoephedrine, while kaolin decreases it.	pseudoephedrine	kaolin	mechanism
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of antihistamines with alcohol, tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, or other central nervous system depressants may have an additive effect.	antihistamines	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	The antihypertensive effects of methyldopa, mecamylamine, reserpine, and veratrum alkaloids may be reduced by sympathomimetics.	methyldopa	sympathomimetics	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors prolong and intensify the effects of antihistamines.	MAO inhibitors	antihistamines	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Increased ectopic pacemaker activity can occur when pseudoephedrine is used concomitantly with digitalis.	pseudoephedrine	digitalis	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	The antihypertensive effects of methyldopa, mecamylamine, reserpine, and veratrum alkaloids may be reduced by sympathomimetics.	veratrum alkaloids	sympathomimetics	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	When sympathomimetic drugs are given to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, hypertensive reactions, including hypertensive crises, may occur.	sympathomimetic drugs	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Antacids increase the rate of absorption of pseudoephedrine, while kaolin decreases it.	Antacids	pseudoephedrine	mechanism
Azatadine_ddi.xml	The antihypertensive effects of methyldopa, mecamylamine, reserpine, and veratrum alkaloids may be reduced by sympathomimetics.	mecamylamine	sympathomimetics	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of antihistamines with alcohol, tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, or other central nervous system depressants may have an additive effect.	antihistamines	barbiturates	effect
Azatadine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of antihistamines with alcohol, tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, or other central nervous system depressants may have an additive effect.	antihistamines	central nervous system depressants	effect
Azathioprine_ddi.xml	Use with Angiotensln Converting Enzyme Inhibitors: The use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors to control hypertension in patients on azathioprine has been reported to induce severe leukopenia.	angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors	azathioprine	effect
Azathioprine_ddi.xml	Use with Allopurinol: The principal pathway for detoxification of azathioprine is inhibited by allopurinol.	azathioprine	allopurinol	mechanism
Azathioprine_ddi.xml	Patients receiving azathioprine and allopurinol concomitantly should have a dose reduction of azathioprine, to approximately 1/3 to 1/4 the usual dose.	azathioprine	allopurinol	advise
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	efavirenz	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	However, prudent medical practice dictates careful monitoring of prothrombin time in all patients treated with azithromycin and warfarin concomitantly.	azithromycin	warfarin	advise
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	cetirizine	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	Co-administration of nelfinavir at steady-state with a single dose of azithromycin (2 x 600 mg tablets) results in increased azithromycin serum concentrations.	nelfinavir	azithromycin	effect
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	trimethoprim	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	theophylline	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	midazolam	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	Co-administration with efavirenz or fluconazole had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of azithromycin.	fluconazole	azithromycin	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	atorvastatin	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	sildenafil	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	didanosine	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	fluconazole	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	sulfamethoxazole	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	triazolam	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of macrolides and warfarin in clinical practice has been associated with increased anticoagulant effects.	macrolides	warfarin	effect
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	indinavir	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	carbamazepine	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	zidovudine	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	Co-administration with efavirenz or fluconazole had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of azithromycin.	efavirenz	azithromycin	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	When used in therapeutic doses, azithromycin had a modest effect on the pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin, carbamazepine, cetirizine, didanosine, efavirenz, fluconazole, indinavir, midazolam, rifabutin, sildenafil, theophylline (intravenous and oral), triazolam, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole or zidovudine.	azithromycin	rifabutin	mechanism
Azithromycin_ddi.xml	Although a dose adjustment of azithromycin is not recommended when administered in combination with nelfinavir, close monitoring for known side effects of azithromycin, such as liver enzyme abnormalities and hearing impairment, is warranted.	azithromycin	nelfinavir	advise
Baclofen_ddi.xml	Interactions attributed to the combined use of baclofen injection and epidural morphine include hypotension and dyspnea.	baclofen	morphine	effect
Basiliximab_ddi.xml	Total body clearance of Simulect was reduced by an average 22% and 51% when azathioprine and mycophenolate mofetil, respectively, were added to a regimen consisting of cyclosporine, USP (MODIFIED) and corticosteroids.	Simulect	azathioprine	mechanism
Basiliximab_ddi.xml	Total body clearance of Simulect was reduced by an average 22% and 51% when azathioprine and mycophenolate mofetil, respectively, were added to a regimen consisting of cyclosporine, USP (MODIFIED) and corticosteroids.	Simulect	mycophenolate mofetil	mechanism
Benazepril_ddi.xml	Potassium Supplements and Potassium-Sparing Diuretics Lotensin can attenuate potassium loss caused by thiazide diuretics.	Potassium-Sparing Diuretics	thiazide diuretics	effect
Benazepril_ddi.xml	Benazepril, like other ACE inhibitors, has had less than additive effects with beta-adrenergic blockers, presumably because both drugs lower blood pressure by inhibiting parts of the renin-angiotensin system	ACE inhibitors	beta-adrenergic blockers	effect
Benazepril_ddi.xml	If a diuretic is also used, the risk of lithium toxicity may be increased.	diuretic	lithium	effect
Benazepril_ddi.xml	The possibility of hypotensive effects with Lotensin can be minimized by either discontinuing the diuretic or increasing the salt intake prior to initiation of treatment with Lotensin.	diuretic	Lotensin	advise
Benazepril_ddi.xml	Diuretics: Patients on diuretics, especially those in whom diuretic therapy was recently instituted, may occasionally experience an excessive reduction of blood pressure after initiation of therapy with Lotensin.	diuretics	Lotensin	effect
Benazepril_ddi.xml	Lithium: Increased serum lithium levels and symptoms of lithium toxicity have been reported in patients receiving ACE inhibitors during therapy with lithium.	ACE inhibitors	lithium	mechanism
Benazepril_ddi.xml	Benazepril, like other ACE inhibitors, has had less than additive effects with beta-adrenergic blockers, presumably because both drugs lower blood pressure by inhibiting parts of the renin-angiotensin system	Benazepril	beta-adrenergic blockers	effect
Benzphetamine_ddi.xml	DIDREX should not be used concomitantly with other CNS stimulants.	DIDREX	CNS stimulants	advise
Benzphetamine_ddi.xml	Amphetamines may decrease the hypotensive effect of antihypertensives.	Amphetamines	antihypertensives	effect
Benzphetamine_ddi.xml	Hypertensive crises have resulted when sympathomimetic amines have been used concomitantly within14 days following use of monoamine oxidase inhibitors.	sympathomimetic amines	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Benzphetamine_ddi.xml	Amphetamines may enhance the effects of tricyclic antidepressants.	Amphetamines	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Benzphetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary acidifying agents decrease blood levels and increase excretion of amphetamines.	Urinary acidifying	amphetamines	mechanism
Bepridil_ddi.xml	Anti-arrhythmics and tricyclic anti-depressants could exaggerate the prolongation of the QT interval observed with bepridil hydrochloride.	Anti-arrhythmics	bepridil hydrochloride	effect
Bepridil_ddi.xml	Cardiac glycosides could exaggerate the depression of AV nodal conduction observed with bepridil hydrochloride.	Cardiac glycosides	bepridil hydrochloride	effect
Bepridil_ddi.xml	Digoxin: In controlled studies in healthy volunteers, bepridil hydrochloride either had no effect (one study) or was associated with modest increases, about 30% (two studies) in steady-state serum digoxin concentrations.	bepridil hydrochloride	digoxin	mechanism
Bepridil_ddi.xml	Anti-arrhythmics and tricyclic anti-depressants could exaggerate the prolongation of the QT interval observed with bepridil hydrochloride.	tricyclic anti-depressants	bepridil hydrochloride	effect
Betaxolol_ddi.xml	Should it be decided to discontinue therapy in patients receiving beta-blockers and clonidine concurrently, the beta-blocker should be discontinued slowly over several days before the gradual withdrawal of clonidine.	beta-blocker	clonidine	advise
Betaxolol_ddi.xml	Should it be decided to discontinue therapy in patients receiving beta-blockers and clonidine concurrently, the beta-blocker should be discontinued slowly over several days before the gradual withdrawal of clonidine.	beta-blockers	clonidine	advise
Betaxolol_ddi.xml	Risk of Anaphylactic Reaction: Although it is known that patients on beta-blockers may be refractory to epinephrine in the treatment of anaphylactic shock, beta-blockers can, in addition, interfere with the modulation of allergic reaction and lead to an increased severity and/or frequency of attacks.	beta-blockers	epinephrine	effect
Betaxolol_ddi.xml	Literature reports suggest that oral calcium antagonists may be used in combination with beta-adrenergic blocking agents when heart function is normal, but should be avoided in patients with impaired cardiac function.	calcium antagonists	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	advise
Betaxolol_ddi.xml	Catecholamine-depleting drugs (e.g., reserpine) may have an additive effect when given with beta-blocking agents.	reserpine	beta-blocking	effect
Betaxolol_ddi.xml	Hypotension, AV conduction disturbances, and left ventricular failure have been reported in some patients receiving beta-adrenergic blocking agents when an oral calcium antagonist was added to the treatment regimen.	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	calcium antagonist	effect
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	On the basis of the metabolism of bexarotene by cytochrome P450 3A4, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, gemfibrozil, grapefruit juice, and other inhibitors of cytochrome P450 3A4 would be expected to lead to an increase in plasma bexarotene concentrations.	gemfibrozil	bexarotene	mechanism
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	On the basis of the metabolism of bexarotene by cytochrome P450 3A4, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, gemfibrozil, grapefruit juice, and other inhibitors of cytochrome P450 3A4 would be expected to lead to an increase in plasma bexarotene concentrations.	ketoconazole	bexarotene	mechanism
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	Furthermore, rifampin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, and other inducers of cytochrome P450 3A4 may cause a reduction in plasma bexarotene concentrations.	phenobarbital	bexarotene	mechanism
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	Furthermore, rifampin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, and other inducers of cytochrome P450 3A4 may cause a reduction in plasma bexarotene concentrations.	rifampin	bexarotene	mechanism
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	Furthermore, rifampin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, and other inducers of cytochrome P450 3A4 may cause a reduction in plasma bexarotene concentrations.	phenytoin	bexarotene	mechanism
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	On the basis of the metabolism of bexarotene by cytochrome P450 3A4, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, gemfibrozil, grapefruit juice, and other inhibitors of cytochrome P450 3A4 would be expected to lead to an increase in plasma bexarotene concentrations.	erythromycin	bexarotene	mechanism
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of Targretin capsules and gemfibrozil resulted in substantial increases in plasma concentrations of bexarotene, probably at least partially related to cytochrome P450 3A4 inhibition by gemfibrozil.	Targretin	gemfibrozil	mechanism
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of gemfibrozil with Targretin capsules is not recommended.	gemfibrozil	Targretin	advise
Bexarotene_ddi.xml	On the basis of the metabolism of bexarotene by cytochrome P450 3A4, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, gemfibrozil, grapefruit juice, and other inhibitors of cytochrome P450 3A4 would be expected to lead to an increase in plasma bexarotene concentrations.	itraconazole	bexarotene	mechanism
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	The action of sulphonylureas and insulin may be enhanced by Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	sulphonylureas	Bezalip	effect
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	When Bezalip or Bezalip retard is used at the same time as other medicines or substances the following interactions must be taken into account: - Bezalip and Bezalip retard may enhance the action of anticoagulants of the coumarin type.	Bezalip	anticoagulants of the coumarin type	effect
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	Perhexiline hydrogen maleate or MAO-inhibitors (with hepatotoxic potential) must not be administered together with Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	MAO-inhibitors	Bezalip retard	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	- When Bezalip or Bezalip retard is used concurrently with anion-exchange resins (e.g. cholestryramine), an interval of at least 2 hours should be maintained between the two medicines, since the absorption of Bezalip or Bezalip retard is impaired	Bezalip	cholestryramine	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	The action of sulphonylureas and insulin may be enhanced by Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	insulin	Bezalip retard	effect
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	- When Bezalip or Bezalip retard is used concurrently with anion-exchange resins (e.g. cholestryramine), an interval of at least 2 hours should be maintained between the two medicines, since the absorption of Bezalip or Bezalip retard is impaired	Bezalip retard	cholestryramine	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	- When Bezalip or Bezalip retard is used concurrently with anion-exchange resins (e.g. cholestryramine), an interval of at least 2 hours should be maintained between the two medicines, since the absorption of Bezalip or Bezalip retard is impaired	Bezalip retard	anion-exchange resins	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	Perhexiline hydrogen maleate or MAO-inhibitors (with hepatotoxic potential) must not be administered together with Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	Perhexiline hydrogen maleate	Bezalip	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	For this reason, the dose of the anticoagulant should be reduced by 30 - 50% at the start of treatment with Bezalip or Bezalip retard and then titrated according to the blood clotting parameters	anticoagulant	Bezalip	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	In isolated cases, a pronounced though reversible, impairment of renal function (accompanied by a corresponding increase In The serum creatinine level) has been reported In organ transplant patients receiving immuno-suppressant therapy and concomitant bezafibrate.	immuno-suppressant	bezafibrate	effect
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	Perhexiline hydrogen maleate or MAO-inhibitors (with hepatotoxic potential) must not be administered together with Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	MAO-inhibitors	Bezalip	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	The action of sulphonylureas and insulin may be enhanced by Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	sulphonylureas	Bezalip retard	effect
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	- When Bezalip or Bezalip retard is used concurrently with anion-exchange resins (e.g. cholestryramine), an interval of at least 2 hours should be maintained between the two medicines, since the absorption of Bezalip or Bezalip retard is impaired	Bezalip	anion-exchange resins	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	When Bezalip or Bezalip retard is used at the same time as other medicines or substances the following interactions must be taken into account: - Bezalip and Bezalip retard may enhance the action of anticoagulants of the coumarin type.	Bezalip retard	anticoagulants of the coumarin type	effect
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	The action of sulphonylureas and insulin may be enhanced by Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	insulin	Bezalip	effect
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	For this reason, the dose of the anticoagulant should be reduced by 30 - 50% at the start of treatment with Bezalip or Bezalip retard and then titrated according to the blood clotting parameters	anticoagulant	Bezalip	advise
Bezafibrate_ddi.xml	Perhexiline hydrogen maleate or MAO-inhibitors (with hepatotoxic potential) must not be administered together with Bezalip or Bezalip retard.	Perhexiline hydrogen maleate	Bezalip retard	advise
Bicalutamide_ddi.xml	In vitro studies have shown CASODEX can displace coumarin anticoagulants, such as warfarin, from their protein-binding sites.	CASODEX	warfarin	mechanism
Bicalutamide_ddi.xml	In vitro studies have shown CASODEX can displace coumarin anticoagulants, such as warfarin, from their protein-binding sites.	CASODEX	coumarin anticoagulant	mechanism
Bicalutamide_ddi.xml	It is recommended that if CASODEX is started in patients already receiving coumarin anticoagulants, prothrombin times should be closely monitored and adjustment of the anticoagulant dose may be necessary.	CASODEX	coumarin anticoagulants	advise
Bicalutamide_ddi.xml	It is recommended that if CASODEX is started in patients already receiving coumarin anticoagulants, prothrombin times should be closely monitored and adjustment of the anticoagulant dose may be necessary.	CASODEX	anticoagulant	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	disopyramide	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	calcium antagonists	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of rifampin increases the metabolic clearance of ZEBETA, resulting in a shortened elimination half-life of ZEBETA.	rifampin	ZEBETA	mechanism
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	diltiazem	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	myocardial depressants	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	Patients receiving catecholamine-depleting drugs, such as reserpine or guanethidine, should be closely monitored, because the added beta-adrenergic blocking action of ZEBETA may produce excessive reduction of sympathetic activity.	reserpine	ZEBETA	effect
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	verapamil	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	antiarrhythmic agents	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should not be combined with other beta-blocking agents.	ZEBETA	beta-blocking agents	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	phenylalkylamine	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	ZEBETA should be used with care when myocardial depressants or inhibitors of AV conduction, such as certain calcium antagonists (particularly of the phenylalkylamine [verapamil] and benzothiazepine [diltiazem] classes), or antiarrhythmic agents, such as disopyramide, are used concurrently.	ZEBETA	benzothiazepine	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	In patients receiving concurrent therapy with clonidine, if therapy is to be discontinued, it is suggested that ZEBETA be discontinued for several days before the withdrawal of clonidine.	ZEBETA	clonidine	advise
Bisoprolol_ddi.xml	Patients receiving catecholamine-depleting drugs, such as reserpine or guanethidine, should be closely monitored, because the added beta-adrenergic blocking action of ZEBETA may produce excessive reduction of sympathetic activity.	guanethidine	ZEBETA	effect
Bitolterol_ddi.xml	If you are also using a steroid inhaler, take bitolterol first and then wait about 15 minutes before using the steroid inhaler.	bitolterol	steroid	advise
Bitolterol_ddi.xml	If you are also using a steroid inhaler, take bitolterol first and then wait about 15 minutes before using the steroid inhaler.	steroid	bitolterol	advise
Bitolterol_ddi.xml	This allows bitolterol to open air passages, increasing the effectiveness of the steroid.	bitolterol	steroid	effect
Bivalirudin_ddi.xml	In clinical trials in patients undergoing PTCA/PCI, co-administration of Angiomax with heparin, warfarin, thrombolytics or glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors was associated with increased risks of major bleeding events compared to patients not receiving these concomitant medications.	Angiomax	warfarin	effect
Bivalirudin_ddi.xml	In clinical trials in patients undergoing PTCA/PCI, co-administration of Angiomax with heparin, warfarin, thrombolytics or glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors was associated with increased risks of major bleeding events compared to patients not receiving these concomitant medications.	Angiomax	thrombolytics	effect
Bivalirudin_ddi.xml	In clinical trials in patients undergoing PTCA/PCI, co-administration of Angiomax with heparin, warfarin, thrombolytics or glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors was associated with increased risks of major bleeding events compared to patients not receiving these concomitant medications.	Angiomax	heparin	effect
Bortezomib_ddi.xml	Patients on oral antidiabetic agents receiving VELCADE treatment may require close monitoring of their blood glucose levels and adjustment of the dose of their antidiabetic medication.	antidiabetic agents	VELCADE	advise
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Co-administration of tacrolimus and bosentan resulted in markedly increased plasma concentrations of bosentan in animals.	tacrolimus	bosentan	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Patients using CYP3A4 metabolized statins should have cholesterol levels monitored after TRACLEER is initiated to see whether the statin dose needs adjustment.	statins	TRACLEER	advise
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Hormonal Contraceptives, Including Oral, Injectable, Transdermal, and Implantable Contraceptives: An interaction study demonstrated that co-administration of bosentan and the oral hormonal contraceptive Ortho-Novum produced average decreases of norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol levels of 14% and 31%, respectively.	bosentan	Ortho-Novum	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Simvastatin and Other Statins: Co-administration of bosentan decreased the plasma concentrations of simvastatin (a CYP3A4 substrate), and its active  -hydroxy acid metabolite, by approximately 50%.	bosentan	simvastatin	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Bosentan is also expected to reduce plasma concentrations of other statins that have significant metabolism by CYP3A4, such as lovastatin and atorvastatin.	Bosentan	lovastatin	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Co-administration of bosentan decreased the plasma concentrations of cyclosporine A (a CYP3A4 substrate) by approximately 50%.	bosentan	cyclosporine A	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Bosentan is also expected to reduce plasma concentrations of other oral hypoglycemic agents that are predominantly metabolized by CYP2C9 or CYP3A4.	Bosentan	hypoglycemic agents	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised if tacrolimus and bosentan are used together.	tacrolimus	bosentan	advise
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Steady-state bosentan plasma concentrations were 3- to 4-fold higher than in the absence of cyclosporine A.	bosentan	cyclosporine A	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Therefore, hormonal contraceptives, including oral, injectable, transdermal, and implantable forms, may not be reliable when TRACLEER is co-administered.	hormonal contraceptives	TRACLEER	effect
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Co-administration of bosentan 500 mg b.i.d. for 6 days decreased the plasma concentrations of both S-warfarin (a CYP2C9 substrate) and R-warfarin (a CYP3A4 substrate) by 29 and 38%, respectively.	bosentan	S-warfarin	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Co-administration of bosentan 125 mg b.i.d. and ketoconazole, a potent CYP3A4 inhibitor, increased the plasma concentrations of bosentan by approximately 2-fold.	bosentan	ketoconazole	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Therefore, the concomitant administration of TRACLEER and glyburide is contraindicated, and alternative hypoglycemic agents should be considered.	TRACLEER	glyburide	advise
Bosentan_ddi.xml	The concomitant administration of bosentan and cyclosporine A is contraindicated.	bosentan	cyclosporine A	advise
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Co-administration of bosentan decreased the plasma concentrations of glyburide by approximately 40%.	bosentan	glyburide	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Bosentan is also expected to reduce plasma concentrations of other statins that have significant metabolism by CYP3A4, such as lovastatin and atorvastatin.	Bosentan	statins	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Co-administration of bosentan 500 mg b.i.d. for 6 days decreased the plasma concentrations of both S-warfarin (a CYP2C9 substrate) and R-warfarin (a CYP3A4 substrate) by 29 and 38%, respectively.	bosentan	R-warfarin	mechanism
Bosentan_ddi.xml	Bosentan is also expected to reduce plasma concentrations of other statins that have significant metabolism by CYP3A4, such as lovastatin and atorvastatin.	Bosentan	atorvastatin	mechanism
Botulinum Toxin Type A_ddi.xml	Co-administration of BOTOX and aminoglycosides or other agents interfering with neuromuscular transmission (e.g., curare-like compounds) should only be performed with caution as the effect of the toxin may be potentiated.	BOTOX	curare-like compounds	advise
Botulinum Toxin Type A_ddi.xml	Co-administration of BOTOX and aminoglycosides or other agents interfering with neuromuscular transmission (e.g., curare-like compounds) should only be performed with caution as the effect of the toxin may be potentiated.	BOTOX	aminoglycosides	advise
Botulinum Toxin Type A_ddi.xml	Excessive neuromuscular weakness may be exacerbated by administration of another botulinum toxin prior to the resolution of the effects of a previously administered botulinum toxin.	botulinum toxin	botulinum toxin	effect
Botulinum Toxin Type B_ddi.xml	Co-administration of MYOBLOC and aminoglycosides or other agents interfering with neuromuscular transmission (e.g., curare-like compounds) should only be performed with caution as the effect of the toxin may be potentiated.	MYOBLOC	curare-like compounds	advise
Botulinum Toxin Type B_ddi.xml	Co-administration of MYOBLOC and aminoglycosides or other agents interfering with neuromuscular transmission (e.g., curare-like compounds) should only be performed with caution as the effect of the toxin may be potentiated.	MYOBLOC	aminoglycosides	advise
Bretylium_ddi.xml	The pressor effects of catecholamines such as dopamine or norepinephrine are enhanced by Bretylium Tosylate.	dopamine	Bretylium Tosylate	effect
Bretylium_ddi.xml	Digitalis toxicity may be aggravated by the initial release of norepinephrine caused by Bretylium Tosylate Injection.	Digitalis	Bretylium Tosylate	effect
Bretylium_ddi.xml	The pressor effects of catecholamines such as dopamine or norepinephrine are enhanced by Bretylium Tosylate.	norepinephrine	Bretylium Tosylate	effect
Bretylium_ddi.xml	The pressor effects of catecholamines such as dopamine or norepinephrine are enhanced by Bretylium Tosylate.	catecholamines	Bretylium Tosylate	effect
Brimonidine_ddi.xml	Although specific drug interaction studies have not been conducted with ALPHAGAN P, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, or anesthetics) should be considered.	ALPHAGAN P	alcohol	advise
Brimonidine_ddi.xml	Although specific drug interaction studies have not been conducted with ALPHAGAN P, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, or anesthetics) should be considered.	ALPHAGAN P	anesthetics	advise
Brimonidine_ddi.xml	Although specific drug interaction studies have not been conducted with ALPHAGAN P, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, or anesthetics) should be considered.	ALPHAGAN P	barbiturates	advise
Brimonidine_ddi.xml	Although specific drug interaction studies have not been conducted with ALPHAGAN P, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, or anesthetics) should be considered.	ALPHAGAN P	CNS depressants	advise
Brimonidine_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to blunt the hypotensive effect of systemic clonidine.It is not known whether the concurrent use of these agents with ALPHAGAN P in humans can lead to resulting interference with the IOP lowering effect.	Tricyclic antidepressants	clonidine	effect
Brimonidine_ddi.xml	Although specific drug interaction studies have not been conducted with ALPHAGAN P, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, or anesthetics) should be considered.	ALPHAGAN P	opiates	advise
Brimonidine_ddi.xml	Although specific drug interaction studies have not been conducted with ALPHAGAN P, the possibility of an additive or potentiating effect with CNS depressants (alcohol, barbiturates, opiates, sedatives, or anesthetics) should be considered.	ALPHAGAN P	sedatives	advise
Brinzolamide_ddi.xml	However, in patients treated with oral carbonic anhydrase inhibitors, rare instances of drug interactions have occurred with high-dose salicylate therapy.	carbonic anhydrase inhibitors	salicylate	int
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	Compounds in these categories result in a decreased efficacy of bromocriptine mesylate: phenothiazines, haloperidol, metoclopramide, pimozide.	bromocriptine mesylate	metoclopramide	effect
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	Compounds in these categories result in a decreased efficacy of bromocriptine mesylate: phenothiazines, haloperidol, metoclopramide, pimozide.	bromocriptine mesylate	haloperidol	effect
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	The risk of using bromocriptine mesylate in combination with other drugs has not been systematically evaluated, but alcohol may potentiate the side effects of bromocriptine mesylate.	alcohol	bromocriptine mesylate	effect
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	Compounds in these categories result in a decreased efficacy of bromocriptine mesylate: phenothiazines, haloperidol, metoclopramide, pimozide.	bromocriptine mesylate	pimozide	effect
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of bromocriptine mesylate with other ergot alkaloids is not recommended.	bromocriptine mesylate	ergot alkaloids	advise
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	Compounds in these categories result in a decreased efficacy of bromocriptine mesylate: phenothiazines, haloperidol, metoclopramide, pimozide.	bromocriptine mesylate	phenothiazines	effect
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	Bromocriptine mesylate may interact with dopamine antagonists, butyrophenones, and certain other agents.	Bromocriptine mesylate	dopamine antagonists	int
Bromocriptine_ddi.xml	Bromocriptine mesylate may interact with dopamine antagonists, butyrophenones, and certain other agents.	Bromocriptine mesylate	butyrophenones	int
Budesonide_ddi.xml	If treatment with inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (such as ketoconazole, intraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, erythromycin, etc.) is indicated, reduction of the budesonide dose should be considered.	saquinavir	budesonide	advise
Budesonide_ddi.xml	If treatment with inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (such as ketoconazole, intraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, erythromycin, etc.) is indicated, reduction of the budesonide dose should be considered.	ritonavir	budesonide	advise
Budesonide_ddi.xml	Concomitant oral administration of ketoconazole (a known inhibitor of CYP3A4 activity in the liver and in the intestinal mucosa) caused an eight-fold increase of the systemic exposure to oral budesonide.	ketoconazole	budesonide	mechanism
Budesonide_ddi.xml	If treatment with inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (such as ketoconazole, intraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, erythromycin, etc.) is indicated, reduction of the budesonide dose should be considered.	erythromycin	budesonide	advise
Budesonide_ddi.xml	If treatment with inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (such as ketoconazole, intraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, erythromycin, etc.) is indicated, reduction of the budesonide dose should be considered.	intraconazole	budesonide	advise
Budesonide_ddi.xml	If treatment with inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (such as ketoconazole, intraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, erythromycin, etc.) is indicated, reduction of the budesonide dose should be considered.	ketoconazole	budesonide	advise
Budesonide_ddi.xml	If treatment with inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (such as ketoconazole, intraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, erythromycin, etc.) is indicated, reduction of the budesonide dose should be considered.	indinavir	budesonide	advise
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	This antagonistic effect of probenecid on bumetanide natriuresis is not due to a direct action on sodium excretion but is probably secondary to its inhibitory effect on renal tubular secretion of bumetanide.	probenecid	bumetanide	mechanism
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	Indomethacin: Indomethacin blunts The increases In urine volume and sodium excretion seen during bumetanide treatment and inhibits The bumetanide-induced increase In plasma renin activity.	Indomethacin	bumetanide	effect
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	Thus, probenecid should not be administered concurrently with bumetanide.	probenecid	bumetanide	advise
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	Antihypertensives: bumetanide may potentiate The effect of various antihypertensive drugs, necessitating a reduction In The dosage of these drugs.	Bumetanide	antihypertensive drugs	effect
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	Lithium: Lithium should generally not be given with diuretics (such as bumetanide) because they reduce its renal clearance and add a high risk of Lithium toxicity.	Lithium	diuretics	advise
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	Probenecid: Pretreatment with Probenecid reduces both The natriuresis and hyperreninemia produced by bumetanide.	probenecid	bumetanide	effect
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	drugs with ototoxic potential: Especially In The presence of impaired renal function, The use of parenterally administered bumetanide In patients to whom aminoglycoside antibiotics are also being given should be avoided, except In life-threatening conditions.	bumetanide	aminoglycoside antibiotics	advise
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	Indomethacin: Indomethacin blunts The increases In urine volume and sodium excretion seen during bumetanide treatment and inhibits The bumetanide-induced increase In plasma renin activity.	Indomethacin	bumetanide	mechanism
Bumetanide_ddi.xml	Lithium: Lithium should generally not be given with diuretics (such as bumetanide) because they reduce its renal clearance and add a high risk of Lithium toxicity.	Lithium	bumetanide	advise
Bupivacaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	norepinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Bupivacaine_ddi.xml	Phenothiazines and butyrophenones may reduce or reverse the pressor effect of epinephrine.	Phenothiazines	epinephrine	effect
Bupivacaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	norepinephrine	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Bupivacaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	epinephrine	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Bupivacaine_ddi.xml	Phenothiazines and butyrophenones may reduce or reverse the pressor effect of epinephrine.	butyrophenones	epinephrine	effect
Bupivacaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	epinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Buprenorphine_ddi.xml	SUBUTEX and SUBOXONE should be prescribed with caution to patients on benzodiazepines or other drugs that act on the central nervous system, regardless of whether these drugs are taken on the advice of a physician or are taken as drugs of abuse.	SUBOXONE	benzodiazepines	advise
Buprenorphine_ddi.xml	There have been a number of reports in the post-marketing experience of coma and death associated with the concomitant intravenous misuse of buprenorphine and benzodiazepines by addicts.	buprenorphine	benzodiazepines	effect
Buprenorphine_ddi.xml	Patients should be warned of the potential danger of the intravenous self-administration of benzodiazepines while under treatment with SUBOXONE or SUBUTEX.	benzodiazepines	SUBOXONE	advise
Buprenorphine_ddi.xml	Based on anecdotal reports, there may be an interaction between buprenorphine and benzodiazepines.	buprenorphine	benzodiazepines	int
Buprenorphine_ddi.xml	Patients should be warned of the potential danger of the intravenous self-administration of benzodiazepines while under treatment with SUBOXONE or SUBUTEX.	benzodiazepines	SUBUTEX	advise
Buprenorphine_ddi.xml	SUBUTEX and SUBOXONE should be prescribed with caution to patients on benzodiazepines or other drugs that act on the central nervous system, regardless of whether these drugs are taken on the advice of a physician or are taken as drugs of abuse.	SUBUTEX	benzodiazepines	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	thioridazine	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Drugs that Lower Seizure Threshold: Concurrent administration of WELLBUTRIN and agents (e.g., antipsychotics, other antidepressants, theophylline, systemic steroids, etc.) that lower seizure threshold should be undertaken only with extreme caution.	WELLBUTRIN	antidepressants	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	sertraline	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	While not systematically studied, certain drugs may induce the metabolism of bupropion (e.g., carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin).	bupropion	phenobarbital	mechanism
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Drugs that Lower Seizure Threshold: Concurrent administration of WELLBUTRIN and agents (e.g., antipsychotics, other antidepressants, theophylline, systemic steroids, etc.) that lower seizure threshold should be undertaken only with extreme caution.	WELLBUTRIN	steroids	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	antidepressants	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Levodopa and Amantadine: Limited clinical data suggest a higher incidence of adverse experiences in patients receiving bupropion concurrently with either levodopa or amantadine.	bupropion	levodopa	effect
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	flecainide	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	imipramine	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	Type 1C antiarrhythmics	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	desipramine	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	beta-blockers	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, the potential exists for a drug interaction between WELLBUTRIN and drugs that affect the CYP2B6 isoenzyme (e.g., orphenadrine and cyclophosphamide).	WELLBUTRIN	orphenadrine	int
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Administration of WELLBUTRIN Tablets to patients receiving either levodopa or amantadine concurrently should be undertaken with caution, using small initial doses and small gradual dose increases.	WELLBUTRIN	amantadine	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	MAO Inhibitors: Studies in animals demonstrate that the acute toxicity of bupropion is enhanced by the MAO inhibitor phenelzine .	bupropion	phenelzine	effect
Bupropion_ddi.xml	While not systematically studied, certain drugs may induce the metabolism of bupropion (e.g., carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin).	bupropion	phenytoin	mechanism
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	fluoxetine	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	metoprolol	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	risperidone	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	antipsychotics	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	nortriptyline	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	While not systematically studied, certain drugs may induce the metabolism of bupropion (e.g., carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin).	bupropion	carbamazepine	mechanism
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	propafenone	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	paroxetine	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of bupropion with drugs that are metabolized by CYP2D6 isoenzyme including certain antidepressants (e.g., nortriptyline, imipramine, desipramine, paroxetine, fluoxetine, sertraline), antipsychotics (e.g., haloperidol, risperidone, thioridazine), beta-blockers (e.g., metoprolol), and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution and should be initiated at the lower end of the dose range of the concomitant medication.	bupropion	haloperidol	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Drugs that Lower Seizure Threshold: Concurrent administration of WELLBUTRIN and agents (e.g., antipsychotics, other antidepressants, theophylline, systemic steroids, etc.) that lower seizure threshold should be undertaken only with extreme caution.	WELLBUTRIN	antipsychotics	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Levodopa and Amantadine: Limited clinical data suggest a higher incidence of adverse experiences in patients receiving bupropion concurrently with either levodopa or amantadine.	bupropion	amantadine	effect
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Drugs that Lower Seizure Threshold: Concurrent administration of WELLBUTRIN and agents (e.g., antipsychotics, other antidepressants, theophylline, systemic steroids, etc.) that lower seizure threshold should be undertaken only with extreme caution.	WELLBUTRIN	theophylline	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Alcohol: In post-marketing experience, there have been rare reports of adverse neuropsychiatric events or reduced alcohol tolerance in patients who were drinking alcohol during treatment with WELLBUTRIN.	alcohol	WELLBUTRIN	effect
Bupropion_ddi.xml	The consumption of alcohol during treatment with WELLBUTRIN should be minimized or avoided (also see  a href= bupropz_od.htm#CI CONTRAINDICATIONS)	alcohol	WELLBUTRIN	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	In a study of 15 male subjects (ages 19 to 35 years) who were extensive metabolizers of the CYP2D6 isoenzyme, daily doses of bupropion given as 150 mg twice daily followed by a single dose of 50 mg desipramine increased the Cmax, AUC, and t1/2 of desipramine by an average of approximately 2-, 5- and 2-fold, respectively.	bupropion	desipramine	mechanism
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Administration of WELLBUTRIN Tablets to patients receiving either levodopa or amantadine concurrently should be undertaken with caution, using small initial doses and small gradual dose increases.	WELLBUTRIN	levodopa	advise
Bupropion_ddi.xml	Therefore, the potential exists for a drug interaction between WELLBUTRIN and drugs that affect the CYP2B6 isoenzyme (e.g., orphenadrine and cyclophosphamide).	WELLBUTRIN	cyclophosphamide	int
Buspirone_ddi.xml	In vitro, buspirone may displace less firmly bound drugs like digoxin.	buspirone	digoxin	mechanism
Buspirone_ddi.xml	There is one report suggesting that the concomitant use of trazodone hydrochloride (Desyrel) and buspirone HCl may have caused 3- to 6-fold elevations on SGPT (ALT) in a few patients.	Desyrel	buspirone HCl	effect
Buspirone_ddi.xml	However, there has been one report of prolonged prothrombin time when buspirone was added to the regimen of a patient treated with warfarin.	buspirone	warfarin	effect
Buspirone_ddi.xml	In a study in normal volunteers, concomitant administration of buspirone HCl and haloperidol resulted in increased serum haloperidol concentrations.	buspirone HCl	haloperidol	mechanism
Buspirone_ddi.xml	It is recommended that buspirone hydrochloride not be used concomitantly with MAO inhibitors Because the effects of concomitant administration of buspirone HCl with most other psychotropic drugs have not been studied, the concomitant use of buspirone HCl with other CNS-active drugs should be approached with caution.	buspirone hydrochloride	MAO inhibitors	advise
Buspirone_ddi.xml	There is one report suggesting that the concomitant use of trazodone hydrochloride (Desyrel) and buspirone HCl may have caused 3- to 6-fold elevations on SGPT (ALT) in a few patients.	trazodone hydrochloride	buspirone HCl	effect
Busulfan_ddi.xml	Phenytoin increases the clearance of busulfan by 15% or more, possibly due to the induction of glutathione-S-transferase.	Phenytoin	busulfan	mechanism
Busulfan_ddi.xml	Because busulfan is eliminated from the body via conjugation with glutathione, use of acetaminophen prior to ( 72 hours) or concurrent with BUSULFEX may result in reduced busulfan clearance based upon the known property of acetaminophen to decrease glutathione levels in the blood and tissues.	acetaminophen	BUSULFEX	mechanism
Busulfan_ddi.xml	Itraconazole decreases busulfan clearance by up to 25%, and may produce AUCs   1500  M min in some patients.	Itraconazole	busulfan	mechanism
Busulfan_ddi.xml	Since the pharmacokinetics of BUSULFEX were studied in patients treated with phenytoin, the clearance of BUSULFEX at the recommended dose may be lower and exposure (AUC) higher in patients not treated with phenytoin.	BUSULFEX	phenytoin	mechanism
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	acetaminophen	tranquilizers	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	Butalbital	sedative-hypnotics	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	acetaminophen	alcohol	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	caffeine	chlordiazepoxide	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	caffeine	anesthetics	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	acetaminophen	CNS depressants	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	Butalbital	chlordiazepoxide	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	Butalbital	anesthetics	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	caffeine	alcohol	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	acetaminophen	anesthetics	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	acetaminophen	chlordiazepoxide	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	The CNS effects of butalbital may be enhanced by monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors.	butalbital	monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	caffeine	sedative-hypnotics	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	caffeine	tranquilizers	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	Butalbital	CNS depressants	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	acetaminophen	sedative-hypnotics	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	acetaminophen	narcotic analgesic	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	caffeine	CNS depressants	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	Butalbital	tranquilizers	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	caffeine	narcotic analgesic	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	Butalbital	narcotic analgesic	effect
Butalbital_ddi.xml	Butalbital, acetaminophen and caffeine may enhance the effects of: other narcotic analgesics, alcohol, general anesthetics, tranquilizers such as chlordiazepoxide, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants, causing increased CNS depression.	Butalbital	alcohol	effect
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of butorphanol with central nervous system depressants (e.g., alcohol, barbiturates, tranquilizers, and antihistamines) may result in increased central nervous system depressant effects.	butorphanol	alcohol	effect
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	Therefore, a slower onset can be anticipated if STADOL NS is administered concomitantly with, or immediately following, a nasal vasoconstrictor.	STADOL NS	nasal vasoconstrictor	effect
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of butorphanol with central nervous system depressants (e.g., alcohol, barbiturates, tranquilizers, and antihistamines) may result in increased central nervous system depressant effects.	butorphanol	barbiturates	effect
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	These results suggest that the analgesic effect of STADOL NS may be diminished when it is administered shortly after sumatriptan nasal spray, but by 30 minutes any such reduction in effect should be minimal.	STADOL NS	sumatriptan	effect
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of butorphanol with central nervous system depressants (e.g., alcohol, barbiturates, tranquilizers, and antihistamines) may result in increased central nervous system depressant effects.	butorphanol	central nervous system depressants	effect
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	It is not known if the effects of butorphanol are altered by concomitant medications that affect hepatic metabolism of drugs (erythromycin, etc.), but physicians should be alert to the possibility that a smaller initial dose and longer intervals between doses may be needed.	butorphanol	erythromycin	advise
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	However, in another study in healthy volunteers, the pharmacokinetics of butorphanol were significantly altered (29% decrease in AUC and 38% decrease in Cmax) when a 1-mg dose of STADOL NS was administered 1 minute after a 20-mg dose of sumatriptan nasal spray.	STADOL NS	sumatriptan	mechanism
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	When the STADOL NS was administered 30 minutes after the sumatriptan nasal spray, the AUC of butorphanol increased 11% and Cmax decreased 18%.	STADOL NS	sumatriptan	mechanism
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of butorphanol with central nervous system depressants (e.g., alcohol, barbiturates, tranquilizers, and antihistamines) may result in increased central nervous system depressant effects.	butorphanol	tranquilizers	effect
Butorphanol_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of butorphanol with central nervous system depressants (e.g., alcohol, barbiturates, tranquilizers, and antihistamines) may result in increased central nervous system depressant effects.	butorphanol	antihistamines	effect
Caffeine_ddi.xml	Based on adult data, lower doses of caffeine may be needed following coadministration of drugs which are reported to decrease caffeine elimination (e.g., cimetidine and ketoconazole) and higher caffeine doses may be needed following coadministration of drugs that increase caffeine elimination (e.g., phenobarbital and phenytoin).	caffeine	cimetidine	advise
Caffeine_ddi.xml	Based on adult data, lower doses of caffeine may be needed following coadministration of drugs which are reported to decrease caffeine elimination (e.g., cimetidine and ketoconazole) and higher caffeine doses may be needed following coadministration of drugs that increase caffeine elimination (e.g., phenobarbital and phenytoin).	caffeine	ketoconazole	advise
Caffeine_ddi.xml	Based on adult data, lower doses of caffeine may be needed following coadministration of drugs which are reported to decrease caffeine elimination (e.g., cimetidine and ketoconazole) and higher caffeine doses may be needed following coadministration of drugs that increase caffeine elimination (e.g., phenobarbital and phenytoin).	caffeine	phenobarbital	advise
Caffeine_ddi.xml	Caffeine administered concurrently with ketoprofen reduced the urine volume in 4 healthy volunteers.	Caffeine	ketoprofen	effect
Caffeine_ddi.xml	Based on adult data, lower doses of caffeine may be needed following coadministration of drugs which are reported to decrease caffeine elimination (e.g., cimetidine and ketoconazole) and higher caffeine doses may be needed following coadministration of drugs that increase caffeine elimination (e.g., phenobarbital and phenytoin).	caffeine	phenytoin	advise
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Phenytoin/Phenobarbital: The coadministration of phenytoin or phenobarbital will not affect plasma concentrations of vitamin D, but may reduce endogenous plasma levels of calcitriol/ergocalcitriol by accelerating metabolism.	phenytoin	calcitriol	mechanism
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Ketoconazole may inhibit both synthetic and catabolic enzymes of vitamin D.	Ketoconazole	vitamin D	mechanism
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Digitalis: Vitamin D dosage must be determined with care in patients undergoing treatment with digitalis, as hypercalcemia in such patients may precipitate cardiac arrhythmias.	Vitamin D	digitalis	advise
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids: A relationship of functional antagonism exists between vitamin D analogues, which promote calcium absorption, and corticosteroids, which inhibit calcium absorption.	vitamin D analogues	corticosteroids	mechanism
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Magnesium: Magnesium-containing preparations (eg, antacids) may cause hypermagnesemia and should therefore not be taken during therapy with vitamin D by patients on chronic renal dialysis.	Magnesium	vitamin D	advise
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Some reports have shown that the concomitant administration of thiazides with vitamin D causes hypercalcemia.	thiazides	vitamin D	effect
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Interactions for vitamin D analogues (Vitamin D2, Vitamin D3, Calcitriol, and Calcidiol): Cholestyramine: Cholestyramine has been reported to reduce intestinal absorption of fat soluble vitamins;	Cholestyramine	fat soluble vitamins	mechanism
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Phenytoin/Phenobarbital: The coadministration of phenytoin or phenobarbital will not affect plasma concentrations of vitamin D, but may reduce endogenous plasma levels of calcitriol/ergocalcitriol by accelerating metabolism.	phenobarbital	calcitriol	mechanism
Calcidiol_ddi.xml	Magnesium: Magnesium-containing preparations (eg, antacids) may cause hypermagnesemia and should therefore not be taken during therapy with vitamin D by patients on chronic renal dialysis.	antacids	vitamin D	advise
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Phenytoin/Phenobarbital: The coadministration of phenytoin or phenobarbital will not affect plasma concentrations of vitamin D, but may reduce endogenous plasma levels of calcitriol/ergocalcitriol by accelerating metabolism.	phenytoin	calcitriol	mechanism
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Ketoconazole may inhibit both synthetic and catabolic enzymes of vitamin D.	Ketoconazole	vitamin D	mechanism
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids: A relationship of functional antagonism exists between vitamin D analogues, which promote calcium absorption, and corticosteroids, which inhibit calcium absorption.	vitamin D analogues	corticosteroids	mechanism
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Magnesium: Magnesium-containing preparations (eg, antacids) may cause hypermagnesemia and should therefore not be taken during therapy with vitamin D by patients on chronic renal dialysis.	Magnesium	vitamin D	advise
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Interactions for vitamin D analogues (Vitamin D2, Vitamin D3, Calcitriol, and Calcidiol): Cholestyramine: Cholestyramine has been reported to reduce intestinal absorption of fat soluble vitamins;	Cholestyramine	fat soluble vitamins	mechanism
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Digitalis: Vitamin D dosage must be determined with care in patients undergoing treatment with digitalis, as hypercalcemia in such patients may precipitate cardiac arrhythmias.	Vitamin D	digitalis	advise
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Some reports have shown that the concomitant administration of thiazides with vitamin D causes hypercalcemia.	thiazides	vitamin D	effect
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Phenytoin/Phenobarbital: The coadministration of phenytoin or phenobarbital will not affect plasma concentrations of vitamin D, but may reduce endogenous plasma levels of calcitriol/ergocalcitriol by accelerating metabolism.	phenobarbital	calcitriol	mechanism
Calcitriol_ddi.xml	Magnesium: Magnesium-containing preparations (eg, antacids) may cause hypermagnesemia and should therefore not be taken during therapy with vitamin D by patients on chronic renal dialysis.	antacids	vitamin D	advise
Calcium Acetate_ddi.xml	Using calcium acetate with digitalis glycosides (heart medicine) may cause hypercalcemia (too much calcium in the blood), which could increase the chance of developing an irregular heartbeat.	calcium acetate	digitalis glycosides	effect
Candesartan_ddi.xml	Lithium Reversible increases in serum lithium concentrations and toxicity have been reported during concomitant administration of lithium with ACE inhibitors, and with some angiotensin II receptor antagonists.	lithium	ACE inhibitors	mechanism
Candesartan_ddi.xml	Lithium Reversible increases in serum lithium concentrations and toxicity have been reported during concomitant administration of lithium with ACE inhibitors, and with some angiotensin II receptor antagonists.	lithium	angiotensin II receptor antagonists	mechanism
Candesartan_ddi.xml	An increase in serum lithium concentration has been reported during concomitant administration of lithium with ATACAND, so careful monitoring of serum lithium levels is recommended during concomitant use.	lithium	ATACAND	mechanism
Capecitabine_ddi.xml	Patients taking coumarin-derivative anticoagulants concomitantly with capecitabine should be monitored regularly for alterations in their coagulation parameters (PT or INR).	coumarin-derivative anticoagulants	capecitabine	advise
Capecitabine_ddi.xml	Deaths from severe enterocolitis, diarrhea, and dehydration have been reported in elderly patients receiving weekly leucovorin and fluorouracil.	leucovorin	fluorouracil	effect
Capecitabine_ddi.xml	Coumarin Anticoagulants Altered coagulation parameters and/or bleeding have been reported in patients taking capecitabine concomitantly with coumarin-derivative anticoagulants such as warfarin and phenprocoumon.	capecitabine	phenprocoumon	effect
Capecitabine_ddi.xml	Leucovorin: The concentration of 5-fluorouracil is increased and its toxicity may be enhanced by leucovorin.	5-fluorouracil	leucovorin	mechanism
Capecitabine_ddi.xml	Coumarin Anticoagulants Altered coagulation parameters and/or bleeding have been reported in patients taking capecitabine concomitantly with coumarin-derivative anticoagulants such as warfarin and phenprocoumon.	capecitabine	coumarin-derivative anticoagulants	effect
Captopril_ddi.xml	therefore, nitroglycerin or other nitrates (as used for management of angina) or other drugs having vasodilator activity should, if possible, be discontinued before starting captopril.	nitroglycerin	captopril	advise
Captopril_ddi.xml	If a diuretic is also used, it may increase the risk of lithium toxicity.	diuretic	lithium	effect
Captopril_ddi.xml	Beta-adrenergic blocking drugs add some further antihypertensive effect to captopril, but the overall response is less than additive.	Beta-adrenergic blocking drugs	captopril	effect
Captopril_ddi.xml	Inhibitors Of Endogenous Prostaglandin Synthesis It has been reported that indomethacin may reduce the antihypertensive effect of captopril, especially in cases of low renin hypertension.	indomethacin	captopril	effect
Captopril_ddi.xml	therefore, nitroglycerin or other nitrates (as used for management of angina) or other drugs having vasodilator activity should, if possible, be discontinued before starting captopril.	nitrates	captopril	advise
Captopril_ddi.xml	Lithium: Increased serum lithium levels and symptoms of lithium toxicity have been reported in patients receiving concomitant lithium and ACE inhibitor therapy.	lithium	ACE inhibitor	effect
Captopril_ddi.xml	Agents Causing Renin Release Captopril's effect will be augmented by antihypertensive agents that cause renin release.	Captopril	antihypertensive agents	effect
Captopril_ddi.xml	The possibility of hypotensive effects with captopril can be minimized by either discontinuing the diuretic or increasing the salt intake approximately one week prior to initiation of treatment with captopril (captopril tablets, USP) or initiating therapy with small doses (6.25 or 12.5 mg).	captopril	diuretic	effect
Captopril_ddi.xml	Hypotension   Patients on Diuretic Therapy: Patients on diuretics and especially those in whom diuretic therapy was recently instituted, as well as those on severe dietary salt restriction or dialysis, may occasionally experience a precipitous reduction of blood pressure usually within the first hour after receiving the initial dose of captopril.	diuretics	captopril	effect
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Additionally, anti-malarial drugs, such as chloroquine and mefloquine, may antagonize the activity of carbamazepine.	mefloquine	carbamazepine	effect
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	ziprasidone	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	tiagabine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	Phenytoin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	quetiapine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	ketoconazole	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	diltiazem	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	delavirdine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	nortriptyline	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	glucocorticoids	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	methadone	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	isoniazid	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	Acetazolamide	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	quinupristin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	theophylline	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	propoxyphene	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	diazepam	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	niacinamide	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	mirtazapine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	delavirdine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	zileuton	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	primidone	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	methsuximide	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	contraceptives	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	Cisplatin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	valproate	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	citalopram	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	buspirone	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	doxycycline	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	levothyroxine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	theophylline	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents with Increased Levels in the Presence of Carbamazepine: EQUETROTM increases the plasma levels of the following agents: Clomipramine HCl, Phenytoin(6), and primidone Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on one of the agents in this category, and then begins a course of the treatment with EQUETROTM, it is reasonable to expect that a dose decrease for the concomitant agent may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	primidone	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	dalfopristin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	itraconazole	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Because of its primary CNS effect, caution should be used when EQUETROTM is taken with other centrally acting drugs and alcohol.	EQUETROTM	alcohol	advise
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	verapamil	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	tramadol	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	azole antifungals	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	phenobarbital	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	risperidone	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	topiramate	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	fluoxetine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	protease inhibitors	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	alprazolam	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	itraconazole	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Additionally, anti-malarial drugs, such as chloroquine and mefloquine, may antagonize the activity of carbamazepine.	chloroquine	carbamazepine	effect
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	lorazepam	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	Phenytoin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	felodipine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	loratadine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	desipramine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Pharmacological/Pharmacodynamic Interactions with Carbamazepine Concomitant administration of carbamazepine and lithium may increase the risk of neurotoxic side effects.	carbamazepine	lithium	effect
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	troleandomycin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	quinine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	triazolam	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents with Increased Levels in the Presence of Carbamazepine: EQUETROTM increases the plasma levels of the following agents: Clomipramine HCl, Phenytoin(6), and primidone Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on one of the agents in this category, and then begins a course of the treatment with EQUETROTM, it is reasonable to expect that a dose decrease for the concomitant agent may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	Clomipramine HCl	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	protease inhibitors	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	praziquantel	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	felbamate	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	midazolam	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	lamotrigine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	clonazepam	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	clobazam	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	clozapine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	warfarin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	doxorubicin HCL	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	erythromycin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	nefazodone	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	fluvoxamine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	cyclosporin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	valproate	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	felbamate	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	dicumarol	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	bupropion	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	amitriptyline	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	zonisamide	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	danazol	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Additionally, anti-malarial drugs, such as chloroquine and mefloquine, may antagonize the activity of carbamazepine.	anti-malarial drugs	carbamazepine	effect
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	haloperidol	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	nicotinamide	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	ethosuximide	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Because of its primary CNS effect, caution should be used when EQUETROTM is taken with other centrally acting drugs and alcohol.	EQUETROTM	centrally acting drugs	advise
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	Acetaminophen	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	olanzapine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that have been found, or are expected to have decreased plasma levels in the presence of EQUETROTM due to induction of CYP enzymes are the following: Acetaminophen, alprazolam, amitriptyline, bupropion, buspirone, citalopram, clobazam, clonazepam, clozapine, cyclosporin, delavirdine, desipramine, diazepam, dicumarol, doxycycline, ethosuximide, felbamate, felodipine, glucocorticoids, haloperidol, itraconazole, lamotrigine, levothyroxine, lorazepam, methadone, midazolam, mirtazapine, nortriptyline, olanzapine, oral contraceptives(3), oxcarbazepine, Phenytoin(4), praziquantel, protease inhibitors, quetiapine, risperidone, theophylline, topiramate, tiagabine, tramadol, triazolam, valproate, warfarin(5) , ziprasidone, and zonisamide.	EQUETROTM	oxcarbazepine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents with Increased Levels in the Presence of Carbamazepine: EQUETROTM increases the plasma levels of the following agents: Clomipramine HCl, Phenytoin(6), and primidone Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on one of the agents in this category, and then begins a course of the treatment with EQUETROTM, it is reasonable to expect that a dose decrease for the concomitant agent may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	Phenytoin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	cimetidine	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP inducers that have been found, or are expected, to decrease plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Cisplatin, doxorubicin HCL, felbamate, rifampin, phenobarbital, Phenytoin(2), primidone, methsuximide, and theophylline Thus, if a patient has been titrated to a stable dosage on EQUETROTM, and then begins a course of treatment with one of these CYP3A4 inducers, it is reasonable to expect that a dose increase for EQUETROTM may be necessary.	EQUETROTM	rifampin	mechanism
Carbamazepine_ddi.xml	Agents that are CYP3A4 inhibitors that have been found, or are expected, to increase plasma levels of EQUETROTM are the following: Acetazolamide, azole antifungals, cimetidine, clarithromycin(1), dalfopristin, danazol, delavirdine, diltiazem, erythromycin(1), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, grapefruit juice, isoniazid, itraconazole, ketoconazole, loratadine, nefazodone, niacinamide, nicotinamide, protease inhibitors, propoxyphene, quinine, quinupristin, troleandomycin, valproate(1), verapamil, zileuton.	EQUETROTM	clarithromycin	mechanism
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Dopamine D2 receptor antagonists (e.g., phenothiazines, butyrophenones, risperidone) and isoniazid may reduce the therapeutic effects of levodopa.	Dopamine D2 receptor antagonists	levodopa	effect
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	In addition, the beneficial effects of levodopa in Parkinsons disease have been reported to be reversed by phenytoin and papaverine.	levodopa	papaverine	effect
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Iron salts may reduce the bioavailability of carbidopa and levodopa.	Iron	levodopa	mechanism
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	In addition, the beneficial effects of levodopa in Parkinsons disease have been reported to be reversed by phenytoin and papaverine.	levodopa	phenytoin	effect
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Dopamine D2 receptor antagonists (e.g., phenothiazines, butyrophenones, risperidone) and isoniazid may reduce the therapeutic effects of levodopa.	risperidone	levodopa	effect
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Dopamine D2 receptor antagonists (e.g., phenothiazines, butyrophenones, risperidone) and isoniazid may reduce the therapeutic effects of levodopa.	butyrophenones	levodopa	effect
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Iron salts may reduce the bioavailability of carbidopa and levodopa.	Iron	carbidopa	mechanism
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Dopamine D2 receptor antagonists (e.g., phenothiazines, butyrophenones, risperidone) and isoniazid may reduce the therapeutic effects of levodopa.	isoniazid	levodopa	effect
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Although metoclopramide may increase the bioavailability of levodopa by increasing gastric emptying, metoclopramide may also adversely affect disease control by its dopamine receptor antagonistic properties.	metoclopramide	levodopa	mechanism
Carbidopa_ddi.xml	Dopamine D2 receptor antagonists (e.g., phenothiazines, butyrophenones, risperidone) and isoniazid may reduce the therapeutic effects of levodopa.	phenothiazines	levodopa	effect
Carbimazole_ddi.xml	Serum concentration of digoxin and digitoxin may increase when patients take antithyroid agents.	digitoxin	antithyroid agents	mechanism
Carbimazole_ddi.xml	Iodine or iodine excess may decrease the effect of Carbimazole, and an iodine deficiency can increase the effect of Carbimazole.	Iodine	Carbimazole	effect
Carbimazole_ddi.xml	Antithyroid agents may decrease thyroidal uptake of sodium iodide I131, a rebound in uptake may occur up to 5 days after sudden withdrawal of Carbimazole.	Antithyroid agents	sodium iodide I131	effect
Carbimazole_ddi.xml	Iodine or iodine excess may decrease the effect of Carbimazole, and an iodine deficiency can increase the effect of Carbimazole.	iodine	Carbimazole	effect
Carbimazole_ddi.xml	Serum concentration of digoxin and digitoxin may increase when patients take antithyroid agents.	digoxin	antithyroid agents	mechanism
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Sympathomimetic amines may reduce the antihypertensive effects of reserpine, veratrum alkaloids, methyldopa and mecamylamine.	Sympathomimetic amines	mecamylamine	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Sympathomimetic amines may reduce the antihypertensive effects of reserpine, veratrum alkaloids, methyldopa and mecamylamine.	Sympathomimetic amines	veratrum alkaloids	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may enhance the effects of tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, alcohol, and other CNS depressants.	Antihistamines	barbiturates	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Effects of sympathomimetics are increased with MAO inhibitors and beta adrenergic blockers.	sympathomimetics	beta adrenergic blockers	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may enhance the effects of tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, alcohol, and other CNS depressants.	Antihistamines	alcohol	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors prolong and intensify the anticholinergic effects of antihistamines.	MAO inhibitors	antihistamines	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Sympathomimetic amines may reduce the antihypertensive effects of reserpine, veratrum alkaloids, methyldopa and mecamylamine.	Sympathomimetic amines	methyldopa	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may enhance the effects of tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, alcohol, and other CNS depressants.	Antihistamines	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Effects of sympathomimetics are increased with MAO inhibitors and beta adrenergic blockers.	sympathomimetics	MAO inhibitors	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Sympathomimetic amines may reduce the antihypertensive effects of reserpine, veratrum alkaloids, methyldopa and mecamylamine.	Sympathomimetic amines	reserpine	effect
Carbinoxamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may enhance the effects of tricyclic antidepressants, barbiturates, alcohol, and other CNS depressants.	Antihistamines	CNS depressants	effect
Carboprost Tromethamine_ddi.xml	HEMABATE may augment the activity of other oxytocic agents.	HEMABATE	oxytocic agents	effect
Carteolol_ddi.xml	Close observation of the patient is recommended when a beta-blocker is administered to patients receiving catecholamine-depleting drugs such as reserpine, because of possible additive effects and the production of hypotension and/or marked bradycardia, which may produce vertigo, syncope, or postural hypotension.	beta-blocker	reserpine	advise
Carteolol_ddi.xml	Ocupress should be used with caution in patients who are receiving a beta-adrenergic blocking agent orally because of the potential for additive effects on systemic beta-blockade.	Ocupress	beta-adrenergic blocking agent	advise
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	poor metabolizers of debrisoquin: Interactions of carvedilol with strong inhibitors of CYP2D6 (such as quinidine, fluoxetine, paroxetine, and propafenone) have not been studied, but these drugs would be expected to increase blood levels of the R(+) enantiomer of carvedilol .	quinidine	carvedilol	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Both digoxin and COREG slow AV conduction.	digoxin	COREG	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Catecholamine-depleting Agents: Patients taking both agents with b-blocking properties and a drug that can deplete catecholamines (e.g., reserpine and monoamine oxidase inhibitors) should be observed closely for signs of hypotension and/or severe bradycardia.	agents with b-blocking properties	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	poor metabolizers of debrisoquin: Interactions of carvedilol with strong inhibitors of CYP2D6 (such as quinidine, fluoxetine, paroxetine, and propafenone) have not been studied, but these drugs would be expected to increase blood levels of the R(+) enantiomer of carvedilol .	propafenone	carvedilol	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	poor metabolizers of debrisoquin: Interactions of carvedilol with strong inhibitors of CYP2D6 (such as quinidine, fluoxetine, paroxetine, and propafenone) have not been studied, but these drugs would be expected to increase blood levels of the R(+) enantiomer of carvedilol .	fluoxetine	carvedilol	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Clonidine: Concomitant administration of clonidine with agents with b-blocking properties may potentiate blood-pressure- and heart-rate-lowering effects.	clonidine	agents with b-blocking properties	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Calcium Channel Blockers: Isolated cases of conduction disturbance (rarely with hemodynamic compromise) have been observed when COREG is co-administered with diltiazem.	COREG	diltiazem	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	As with other agents with b-blocking properties, if COREG is to be administered orally with calcium channel blockers of the verapamil or diltiazem type, it is recommended that ECG and blood pressure be monitored.	COREG	diltiazem	advise
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Due to wide interindividual variability in the dose adjustment required, it is recommended that cyclosporine concentrations be monitored closely after initiation of carvedilol therapy and that the dose of cyclosporine be adjusted as appropriate.	carvedilol	cyclosporine	advise
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Therefore, increased monitoring of digoxin is recommended when initiating, adjusting, or discontinuing COREG.	digoxin	COREG	advise
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Insulin or Oral Hypoglycemics: Agents with b-blocking properties may enhance the blood-sugar-reducing effect of insulin and oral hypoglycemics.	Agents with b-blocking properties	insulin	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	poor metabolizers of debrisoquin: Interactions of carvedilol with strong inhibitors of CYP2D6 (such as quinidine, fluoxetine, paroxetine, and propafenone) have not been studied, but these drugs would be expected to increase blood levels of the R(+) enantiomer of carvedilol .	paroxetine	carvedilol	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Modest increases in mean trough cyclosporine concentrations were observed following initiation of carvedilol treatment in 21 renal transplant patients suffering from chronic vascular rejection.	cyclosporine	carvedilol	mechanism
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Catecholamine-depleting Agents: Patients taking both agents with b-blocking properties and a drug that can deplete catecholamines (e.g., reserpine and monoamine oxidase inhibitors) should be observed closely for signs of hypotension and/or severe bradycardia.	agents with b-blocking properties	reserpine	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Inducers and Inhibitors of Hepatic Metabolism: Rifampin reduced plasma concentrations of carvedilol by about 70%.	Rifampin	carvedilol	mechanism
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Digoxin: Digoxin concentrations are increased by about 15% when digoxin and carvedilol are administered concomitantly.	digoxin	carvedilol	mechanism
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	When concomitant treatment with agents with b-blocking properties and clonidine is to be terminated, the b-blocking agent should be discontinued first.	agents with b-blocking properties	clonidine	advise
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Due to wide interindividual variability in the dose adjustment required, it is recommended that cyclosporine concentrations be monitored closely after initiation of carvedilol therapy and that the dose of cyclosporine be adjusted as appropriate.	cyclosporine	carvedilol	advise
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	Insulin or Oral Hypoglycemics: Agents with b-blocking properties may enhance the blood-sugar-reducing effect of insulin and oral hypoglycemics.	Agents with b-blocking properties	hypoglycemics	effect
Carvedilol_ddi.xml	As with other agents with b-blocking properties, if COREG is to be administered orally with calcium channel blockers of the verapamil or diltiazem type, it is recommended that ECG and blood pressure be monitored.	COREG	verapamil	advise
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	In two clinical studies, cyclosporine (one 4 mg/kg dose or two 3 mg/kg doses) increased the AUC of caspofungin by approximately 35%.	cyclosporine	caspofungin	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	When CANCIDAS is co-administered with inducers of drug clearance, such as efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine, use of a daily dose of 70 mg of CANCIDAS should be considered	CANCIDAS	dexamethasone	advise
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	In addition, results from regression analyses of patient pharmacokinetic data suggest that co-administration of other inducers of drug clearance (efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine) with CANCIDAS may result in clinically meaningful reductions in caspofungin concentrations.	nevirapine	CANCIDAS	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	Patients on rifampin should receive 70 mg of CANCIDAS daily.	rifampin	CANCIDAS	advise
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	When CANCIDAS is co-administered with inducers of drug clearance, such as efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine, use of a daily dose of 70 mg of CANCIDAS should be considered	CANCIDAS	efavirenz	advise
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	When CANCIDAS is co-administered with inducers of drug clearance, such as efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine, use of a daily dose of 70 mg of CANCIDAS should be considered	CANCIDAS	phenytoin	advise
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	When CANCIDAS is co-administered with inducers of drug clearance, such as efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine, use of a daily dose of 70 mg of CANCIDAS should be considered	CANCIDAS	carbamazepine	advise
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	In addition, results from regression analyses of patient pharmacokinetic data suggest that co-administration of other inducers of drug clearance (efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine) with CANCIDAS may result in clinically meaningful reductions in caspofungin concentrations.	efavirenz	CANCIDAS	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	A drug-drug interaction study with rifampin in healthy volunteers has shown a 30% decrease in caspofungin trough concentrations.	rifampin	caspofungin	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	There were transient increases in liver ALT and AST when CANCIDAS and cyclosporine were co-administered.	CANCIDAS	cyclosporine	effect
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	In addition, results from regression analyses of patient pharmacokinetic data suggest that co-administration of other inducers of drug clearance (efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine) with CANCIDAS may result in clinically meaningful reductions in caspofungin concentrations.	dexamethasone	CANCIDAS	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	In addition, results from regression analyses of patient pharmacokinetic data suggest that co-administration of other inducers of drug clearance (efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine) with CANCIDAS may result in clinically meaningful reductions in caspofungin concentrations.	phenytoin	CANCIDAS	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	In addition, results from regression analyses of patient pharmacokinetic data suggest that co-administration of other inducers of drug clearance (efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine) with CANCIDAS may result in clinically meaningful reductions in caspofungin concentrations.	carbamazepine	CANCIDAS	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	CANCIDAS reduced the blood AUC0-12 of tacrolimus by approximately 20%, peak blood concentration (Cmax) by 16%, and 12-hour blood concentration (C12hr) by 26% in healthy subjects when tacrolimus (2 doses of 0.1 mg/kg 12 hours apart) was administered on the 10th day of CANCIDAS 70 mg daily, as compared to results from a control period in which tacrolimus was administered alone.	CANCIDAS	tacrolimus	mechanism
Caspofungin_ddi.xml	When CANCIDAS is co-administered with inducers of drug clearance, such as efavirenz, nevirapine, phenytoin, dexamethasone, or carbamazepine, use of a daily dose of 70 mg of CANCIDAS should be considered	CANCIDAS	nevirapine	advise
Cefazolin_ddi.xml	Probenecid may decrease renal tubular secretion of cephalosporins when used concurrently, resulting in increased and more prolonged cephalosporin blood levels.	Probenecid	cephalosporins	mechanism
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	Iron Supplements and Foods Fortified With Iron Concomitant administration of cefdinir with a therapeutic iron supplement containing 60 mg of elemental iron (as FeSO4) or vitamins supplemented with 10 mg of elemental iron reduced extent of absorption by 80% and 31%, respectively.	cefdinir	iron	mechanism
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	If iron supplements are required during OMNICEF therapy, OMNICEF should be taken at least 2 hours before or after the supplement.	iron supplements	OMNICEF	advise
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	Probenecid: As with other b-lactam antibiotics, probenecid inhibits the renal excretion of cefdinir, resulting in an approximate doubling in A.C. a 54% increase in peak cefdinir plasma levels, and a 50% prolongation in the apparent elimination half-life.	probenecid	cefdinir	mechanism
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	The reddish color is due to the formation of a nonabsorbable complex between cefdinir or its breakdown products and iron in the gastrointestinal tract.	cefdinir	iron	mechanism
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	Antacids (aluminum- or magnesium-containing): Concomitant administration of 300-mg cefdinir capsules with 30 mL Maalox TC suspension reduces the rate (Cmax) and extent (AUC) of absorption by approximately 40%.	cefdinir	Maalox TC	mechanism
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	Probenecid: As with other b-lactam antibiotics, probenecid inhibits the renal excretion of cefdinir, resulting in an approximate doubling in A.C. a 54% increase in peak cefdinir plasma levels, and a 50% prolongation in the apparent elimination half-life.	b-lactam antibiotics	cefdinir	mechanism
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	Iron Supplements and Foods Fortified With Iron Concomitant administration of cefdinir with a therapeutic iron supplement containing 60 mg of elemental iron (as FeSO4) or vitamins supplemented with 10 mg of elemental iron reduced extent of absorption by 80% and 31%, respectively.	cefdinir	iron	mechanism
Cefdinir_ddi.xml	If antacids are required during OMNICEF therapy, OMNICEF should be taken at least 2 hours before or after the antacid.	OMNICEF	antacid	advise
Cefditoren_ddi.xml	H2-Receptor Antagonists: Co-administration of a single dose of intravenously administered famotidine (20 mg) reduced the oral absorption of a single 400 mg dose of cefditoren pivoxil administered following a meal, as evidenced by a 27% decrease in mean Cmax and a 22% decrease in mean AUC.	famotidine	cefditoren pivoxil	mechanism
Cefditoren_ddi.xml	Probenecid: As with other b-lactam antibiotics, co-administration of probenecid with cefditoren pivoxil resulted in an increase in the plasma exposure of cefditoren, with a 49% increase in mean Cmax, a 122% increase in mean AUC, and a 53% increase in half-life.	b-lactam antibiotics	cefditoren pivoxil	mechanism
Cefditoren_ddi.xml	Although the clinical significance is not known, it is not recommended that cefditoren pivoxil be taken concomitantly with antacids.	cefditoren pivoxil	antacids	advise
Cefditoren_ddi.xml	Probenecid: As with other b-lactam antibiotics, co-administration of probenecid with cefditoren pivoxil resulted in an increase in the plasma exposure of cefditoren, with a 49% increase in mean Cmax, a 122% increase in mean AUC, and a 53% increase in half-life.	probenecid	cefditoren pivoxil	mechanism
Cefepime_ddi.xml	Renal function should be monitored carefully if high doses of aminoglycosides are to be administered with MAXIPIME because of the increased potential of nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity of aminoglycoside antibiotics.	aminoglycosides	MAXIPIME	advise
Cefepime_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of other cephalosporins with potent diuretics such as furosemide.	cephalosporins	diuretics	effect
Cefepime_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of other cephalosporins with potent diuretics such as furosemide.	cephalosporins	furosemide	effect
Cefixime_ddi.xml	Warfarin and Anticoagulants: Increased prothrombin time, with or without clinical bleeding, has been reported when cefixime is administered concomitantly.	Anticoagulants	cefixime	effect
Cefixime_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: Elevated carbamazepine levels have been reported in postmarketing experience when SUPRAX is administered concomitantly.	carbamazepine	SUPRAX	mechanism
Cefixime_ddi.xml	Warfarin and Anticoagulants: Increased prothrombin time, with or without clinical bleeding, has been reported when cefixime is administered concomitantly.	Warfarin	cefixime	effect
Cefotaxime_ddi.xml	Increased nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of cephalosporins and aminoglycoside antibiotics.	cephalosporins	aminoglycoside antibiotics	effect
Cefotetan_ddi.xml	If CEFOTAN and an aminoglycoside are used concomitantly, renal function should be carefully monitored, because nephrotoxicity may be potentiated.	CEFOTAN	aminoglycoside	effect
Cefoxitin_ddi.xml	Increased nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of cephalosporins and aminoglycoside antibiotics.	cephalosporins	aminoglycoside antibiotics	effect
Cefprozil_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of probenecid doubled the AUC for cefprozil.	probenecid	cefprozil	mechanism
Cefprozil_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of aminoglycoside antibiotics and cephalosporin antibiotics.	aminoglycoside antibiotics	cephalosporin antibiotics	effect
Ceftazidime_ddi.xml	Chloramphenicol has been shown to be antagonistic to beta-lactam antibiotics, including ceftazidime, based on in vitro studies and time kill curves with enteric gram-negative bacilli.	Chloramphenicol	ceftazidime	effect
Ceftazidime_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of cephalosporins with aminoglycoside antibiotics or potent diuretics such as furosemide.	cephalosporins	diuretics	effect
Ceftazidime_ddi.xml	Chloramphenicol has been shown to be antagonistic to beta-lactam antibiotics, including ceftazidime, based on in vitro studies and time kill curves with enteric gram-negative bacilli.	Chloramphenicol	beta-lactam antibiotics	effect
Ceftazidime_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of cephalosporins with aminoglycoside antibiotics or potent diuretics such as furosemide.	cephalosporins	furosemide	effect
Ceftazidime_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxicity has been reported following concomitant administration of cephalosporins with aminoglycoside antibiotics or potent diuretics such as furosemide.	cephalosporins	aminoglycoside antibiotics	effect
Ceftibuten_ddi.xml	however, 150 mg of ranitidine q12h for 3 days increased the ceftibuten C max by 23% and ceftibuten AUC by 16%.	ranitidine	ceftibuten	mechanism
Ceftibuten_ddi.xml	however, 150 mg of ranitidine q12h for 3 days increased the ceftibuten C max by 23% and ceftibuten AUC by 16%.	ranitidine	ceftibuten	mechanism
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	However, caution should be used when administering CELEBREX with warfarin since these patients are at increased risk of bleeding complications.	CELEBREX	warfarin	advise
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	However, concomitant administration of aspirin with CELEBREX may result in an increased rate of GI ulceration or other complications, compared to use of CELEBREX alone.	aspirin	CELEBREX	effect
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Clinical studies with celecoxib have identified potentially significant interactions with fluconazole and lithium.	celecoxib	lithium	int
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	CELEBREX should be introduced at the lowest recommended dose in patients receiving fluconazole.	CELEBREX	fluconazole	advise
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	This interaction should be given consideration in patients taking CELEBREX concomitantly with ACE-inhibitors.	CELEBREX	ACE-inhibitors	advise
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Experience with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) suggests the potential for interactions with furosemide and ACE inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	int
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Experience with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) suggests the potential for interactions with furosemide and ACE inhibitors.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	ACE inhibitors	int
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Lithium: In a study conducted in healthy subjects, mean steady-state lithium plasma levels increased approximately 17% in subjects receiving lithium 450 mg BID with CELEBREX 200 mg BID as compared to subjects receiving lithium alone.	lithium	CELEBREX	mechanism
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	thiazides	effect
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	ACE inhibitors: Reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) inhibitors.	NSAIDs	Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) inhibitors	effect
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Patients on lithium treatment should be closely monitored when CELEBREX is introduced or withdrawn.	lithium	CELEBREX	advise
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Fluconazole: Concomitant administration of fluconazole at 200 mg QD resulted in a two-fold increase in celecoxib plasma concentration.	fluconazole	celecoxib	mechanism
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Clinical studies with celecoxib have identified potentially significant interactions with fluconazole and lithium.	celecoxib	fluconazole	int
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Aspirin: CELEBREX can be used with low dose aspirin.	CELEBREX	aspirin	advise
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	This increase is due to the inhibition of celecoxib metabolism via P450 2C9 by fluconazole (see CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY - Pharmacokinetics: Metabolism).	celecoxib	fluconazole	mechanism
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	furosemide	effect
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Experience with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) suggests the potential for interactions with furosemide and ACE inhibitors.	NSAIDs	furosemide	int
Celecoxib_ddi.xml	Experience with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) suggests the potential for interactions with furosemide and ACE inhibitors.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	furosemide	int
Cephalexin_ddi.xml	Accordingly, careful patient monitoring and dose adjustment of metformin is recommended in patients concomitantly taking cephalexin and metformin.	cephalexin	metformin	advise
Cephalexin_ddi.xml	Probenecid: As with other b-lactams, the renal excretion of cephalexin is inhibited by probenecid.	cephalexin	probenecid	mechanism
Cephalexin_ddi.xml	Although not observed in this study, adverse effects could potentially arise from co-administration of cephalexin and metformin by inhibition of tubular secretion via organic cationic transporter systems.	cephalexin	metformin	mechanism
Cephalexin_ddi.xml	Metformin: In healthy subjects given single 500 mg doses of cephalexin and metformin, plasma metformin mean cmax and AUC increased by an average of 34% and 24%, respectively, and metformin mean renal clearance decreased by 14%.	cephalexin	metformin	mechanism
Cerivastatin_ddi.xml	ERYTHROMYCIN: In hypercholesterolemic patients, steady-state cerivastatin AUC and Cmax increased approximately 50% and 24% respectively after 10 days with co-administration of erythromycin, a known inhibitor of cytochrome P450 3A4.	cerivastatin	erythromycin	mechanism
Cerivastatin_ddi.xml	In the first study, concomitant administration of 0.2 mg cerivastatin sodium and 12 g cholestyramine resulted in decreases of more than 22% for AUC and 40% for Cmax when compared to dosing cerivastatin sodium alone.	cerivastatin sodium	cholestyramine	mechanism
Cerivastatin_ddi.xml	However, in the second study, administration of 12 g cholestyramine 1 hour before the evening meal and 0.3 mg cerivastatin sodium approximately 4 hours after the same evening meal resulted in a decrease in the cerivastatin AUC of less than 8%, and a decrease in Cmax of about 30% when compared to dosing cerivastatin sodium alone.	cholestyramine	cerivastatin sodium	mechanism
Cetirizine_ddi.xml	There was a small decrease in the clearance of cetirizine caused by a 400-mg dose of theophylline;	cetirizine	theophylline	mechanism
Cetirizine_ddi.xml	In a multiple dose study of theophylline (400 mg once daily for 3 days) and cetirizine (20 mg once daily for 3 days), a 16% decrease in the clearance of cetirizine was observed.	theophylline	cetirizine	mechanism
Cevimeline_ddi.xml	Cevimeline should be administered with caution to patients taking beta adrenergic antagonists, because of the possibility of conduction disturbances.	Cevimeline	beta adrenergic antagonists	advise
Chlordiazepoxide_ddi.xml	Although clinical studies have not established a cause and effect relationship, physicians should be aware that variable effects an blood coagulation have been reported very rarely in patients receiving oral anticoagulants and chlordiazepoxide.	anticoagulants	chlordiazepoxide	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	epinephrine	phenothiazines	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	epinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	norepinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of vasopressor drugs (for the treatment of hypotension related to obstetric blocks) and ergot-type oxytocic drugs may cause severe, persistent hypertension or cerebrovascular accidents.	vasopressor drugs	ergot-type oxytocic drugs	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	norepinephrine	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	Therefore, chloroprocaine should not be used in any condition in which a sulfonamide drug is being employed.	chloroprocaine	sulfonamide drug	advise
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	norepinephrine	phenothiazines	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	epinephrine	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	anesthetic solutions	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Chloroprocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or phenothiazines may produce severe, prolonged hypotension or hypertension.	anesthetic solutions	phenothiazines	effect
Chloroquine_ddi.xml	Antacids and kaolin: Antacids and kaolin can reduce absorption of chloroquine;	Antacids	chloroquine	mechanism
Chloroquine_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: Cimetidine can inhibit the metabolism of chloroquine, increasing its plasma level.	Cimetidine	chloroquine	mechanism
Chloroquine_ddi.xml	Ampicillin: In a study of healthy volunteers, chloroquine significantly reduced the bioavailability of ampicillin.	chloroquine	ampicillin	mechanism
Chloroquine_ddi.xml	Antacids and kaolin: Antacids and kaolin can reduce absorption of chloroquine;	kaolin	chloroquine	mechanism
Chloroquine_ddi.xml	Cyclosporin: After introduction of chloroquine (oral form), a sudden increase in serum cyclosporin level has been reported.	chloroquine	cyclosporin	mechanism
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine and colestipol resins: Cholestytamine and colestipol resins have The potential of binding thiazide diuretics and reducing diuretic absorption from The gastrointestinal tract	colestipol	thiazide diuretics	mechanism
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Diuretic agents reduce the renal clearance of lithium and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.	Diuretic agents	lithium	mechanism
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine and colestipol resins: Cholestytamine and colestipol resins have The potential of binding thiazide diuretics and reducing diuretic absorption from The gastrointestinal tract	Cholestytamine	thiazide diuretics	mechanism
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory drugs: In some patients, The administration of a Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory agent can reduce The diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Therefore, when chlorothiazide and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents are used concomitantly, the patient should be observed closely to determine if the desired effect of the diuretic is obtained	chlorothiazide	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents	advise
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Lithium: generally should not be given with diuretics.	Lithium	diuretics	advise
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory drugs: In some patients, The administration of a Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory agent can reduce The diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	thiazide diuretics	effect
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Refer to the package insert for lithium preparations before use of such preparations with chlorothiazide	lithium	chlorothiazide	advise
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Diuretic agents reduce the renal clearance of lithium and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.	Diuretic agents	lithium	mechanism
Chlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory drugs: In some patients, The administration of a Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory agent can reduce The diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	loop diuretics	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	chlorpromazine	amitriptyline	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	trihexyphenidyl	tricyclic antidepressant	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	antipsychotic drug	antiparkinsonian drug	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	chlorpromazine	tricyclic antidepressant	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	chlorpromazine	antiparkinsonian drug	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	antipsychotic drug	trihexyphenidyl	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	antiparkinsonian drug	tricyclic antidepressant	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	trihexyphenidyl	amitriptyline	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	antiparkinsonian drug	amitriptyline	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	chlorpromazine	trihexyphenidyl	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	antipsychotic drug	tricyclic antidepressant	effect
Chlorpromazine_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of two or more drugs with anticholinergic activity--such as an antipsychotic drug (eg, chlorpromazine), an antiparkinsonian drug (eg, trihexyphenidyl), and/or a tricyclic antidepressant (eg, amitriptyline)--commonly results in excessive anticholinergic effects, including dry mouth and associated dental complications, blurred vision, and, in patients exposed to high temperature and humidity, hyperpyrexia.	antipsychotic drug	amitriptyline	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	salicylates	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	beta adrenergic blocking agents	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	coumarins	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	Since animal studies suggest that the action of barbiturates may be prolonged by therapy with chlorpropamide, barbiturates should be employed with caution.	barbiturates	chlorpropamide	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	sulfonamides	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	A potential interaction between oral miconazole and oral hypoglycemic agents leading to severe hypoglycemia has been reported.	miconazole	hypoglycemic agents	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	chloramphenicol	effect
Chlorpropamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylurea may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylurea	probenecid	effect
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Avoid the concomitant use of chlorprothixene and tramadol (Ultram).	chlorprothixene	tramadol	advise
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Exert particular caution in combining chlorprothixene with other anticholinergic drugs (tricyclic antidepressants and antiparkinsonian agents): Particularly the elderly may develop delirium, high fever, severe obstipation, even ileus and glaucoma.	chlorprothixene	antiparkinsonian agents	advise
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	If chlorprothixene is given concomitantly with opioids, the opioid dose should be reduced (by approx. 50%), because chlorprothixene amplifies the therapeutic actions and side-effects of opioids massively.	chlorprothixene	opioids	advise
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Exert particular caution in combining chlorprothixene with other anticholinergic drugs (tricyclic antidepressants and antiparkinsonian agents): Particularly the elderly may develop delirium, high fever, severe obstipation, even ileus and glaucoma.	chlorprothixene	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Avoid the concomitant use of chlorprothixene and tramadol (Ultram).	chlorprothixene	Ultram	advise
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Consider additive sedative effects and confusional states to emerge, if chlorprothixene is given with benzodiazepines or barbituates.	chlorprothixene	benzodiazepines	effect
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Chlorprothixene may increase the plasma-level of concomitantly given lithium.	Chlorprothixene	lithium	mechanism
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Consider additive sedative effects and confusional states to emerge, if chlorprothixene is given with benzodiazepines or barbituates.	chlorprothixene	barbituates	effect
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	If chlorprothixene is given concomitantly with opioids, the opioid dose should be reduced (by approx. 50%), because chlorprothixene amplifies the therapeutic actions and side-effects of opioids massively.	chlorprothixene	opioids	effect
Chlorprothixene_ddi.xml	Exert particular caution in combining chlorprothixene with other anticholinergic drugs (tricyclic antidepressants and antiparkinsonian agents): Particularly the elderly may develop delirium, high fever, severe obstipation, even ileus and glaucoma.	chlorprothixene	anticholinergic drugs	advise
Chlorthalidone_ddi.xml	Chlorthalidone and related drugs may increase the responsiveness to tubocurarine.	Chlorthalidone	tubocurarine	effect
Chlorthalidone_ddi.xml	Chlorthalidone and related drugs may decrease arterial responsiveness to norepinephrine.	Chlorthalidone	norepinephrine	effect
Chlorthalidone_ddi.xml	Chlorthalidone may add to or potentiate the action of other antihypertensive drugs.	Chlorthalidone	antihypertensive drugs	effect
Cholecalciferol_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Ketoconazole may inhibit both synthetic and catabolic enzymes of vitamin D.	Ketoconazole	vitamin D	mechanism
Cholecalciferol_ddi.xml	Digitalis: Vitamin D dosage must be determined with care in patients undergoing treatment with digitalis, as hypercalcemia in such patients may precipitate cardiac arrhythmias.	Vitamin D	digitalis	advise
Cholecalciferol_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids: A relationship of functional antagonism exists between vitamin D analogues, which promote calcium absorption, and corticosteroids, which inhibit calcium absorption.	vitamin D	corticosteroids	effect
Cholecalciferol_ddi.xml	Magnesium: Magnesium-containing preparations (eg, antacids) may cause hypermagnesemia and should therefore not be taken during therapy with vitamin D by patients on chronic renal dialysis.	Magnesium	vitamin D	effect
Cholecalciferol_ddi.xml	Some reports have shown that the concomitant administration of thiazides with vitamin D causes hypercalcemia.	thiazides	vitamin D	effect
Cholecalciferol_ddi.xml	Interactions for vitamin D analogues (Vitamin D2, Vitamin D3, Calcitriol, and Calcidiol): Cholestyramine: Cholestyramine has been reported to reduce intestinal absorption of fat soluble vitamins;	Cholestyramine	fat soluble vitamins	mechanism
Cholecalciferol_ddi.xml	Magnesium: Magnesium-containing preparations (eg, antacids) may cause hypermagnesemia and should therefore not be taken during therapy with vitamin D by patients on chronic renal dialysis.	antacids	vitamin D	effect
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	thyroxine	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	phenylbutazone	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	phenobarbital	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	tetracycline	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	warfarin	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	progestins	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	estrogens	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may interfere with the pharmacokinetics of drugs that undergo enterohepatic circulation, The discontinuance of cholestyramine resin could pose a hazard to health if a potentially toxic drug such as digitalis has been filtrated to a maintenance level while the patient was taking cholestyramine resin.	cholestyramine	digitalis	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	digitalis	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	penicillin G	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	thiazide diuretics	mechanism
Cholestyramine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine resin may delay or reduce the absorption of concomitant oral medication such as phenylbutazone, warfarin, thiazide diuretics (acidic) or propranolol (basic), as well as tetracycline penicillin G, phenobarbital, thyroid and thyroxine preparations, estrogens and progestins, and digitalis.	Cholestyramine	propranolol	mechanism
Ciclesonide_ddi.xml	Therefore, ketoconazole should be administered with caution with intranasal ciclesonide.	ketoconazole	ciclesonide	advise
Ciclesonide_ddi.xml	In another drug interaction study, co-administration of orally inhaled ciclesonide and oral ketoconazole, a potent inhibitor of cytochrome P450 3A4, increased the exposure (AUC) of des-ciclesonide by approximately 3.6-fold at steady state, while levels of ciclesonide remained unchanged.	ciclesonide	ketoconazole	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	amphotericin B	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	clofibrate	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	benzodiazepines	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	foscarnet	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	vancomycin	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	furosemide	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	gentamicin	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	barbiturates	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	acetaminophen	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	pentamidine	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	tobramycin	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	methotrexate	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	bumetanide	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Zidovudine should either be temporarily discontinued or decreased by 50% when coadministered with probenecid on the day of VISTIDE infusion.	Zidovudine	probenecid	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	theophylline	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	amikacin	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	zidovudine	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	acyclovir	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	famotidine	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents	advise
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Probenecid : Probenecid is known to interact with the metabolism or renal tubular excretion of many drugs (e.g., acetaminophen, acyclovir, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aminosalicylic acid, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, bumetanide, clofibrate, methotrexate, famotidine, furosemide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, theophylline, and zidovudine).	Probenecid	aminosalicylic acid	mechanism
Cidofovir_ddi.xml	Nephrotoxic agents : Concomitant administration of VISTIDE and agents with nephrotoxic potential [e.g., intravenous aminoglycosides (e.g., tobramycin, gentamicin, and amikacin), amphotericin B, foscarnet, intravenous pentamidine, vancomycin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents] is contraindicated.	VISTIDE	aminoglycosides	advise
Cilostazol_ddi.xml	Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that omeprazole and erythromycin significantly increased the systemic exposure of cilostazol and/or its major metabolites.	erythromycin	cilostazol	mechanism
Cilostazol_ddi.xml	Since PLETAL is extensively metabolized by cytochrome P-450 isoenzymes, caution should be exercised when PLETAL is coadministered with inhibitors of C.P.A. such as ketoconazole and erythromycin or inhibitors of CYP2C19 such as omeprazole.	PLETAL	erythromycin	advise
Cilostazol_ddi.xml	Population pharmacokinetic studies showed higher concentrations of cilostazol among patients concurrently treated with diltiazem, an inhibitor of C.P.A..	cilostazol	diltiazem	mechanism
Cilostazol_ddi.xml	Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that omeprazole and erythromycin significantly increased the systemic exposure of cilostazol and/or its major metabolites.	omeprazole	cilostazol	mechanism
Cilostazol_ddi.xml	Since PLETAL is extensively metabolized by cytochrome P-450 isoenzymes, caution should be exercised when PLETAL is coadministered with inhibitors of C.P.A. such as ketoconazole and erythromycin or inhibitors of CYP2C19 such as omeprazole.	PLETAL	omeprazole	advise
Cilostazol_ddi.xml	Since PLETAL is extensively metabolized by cytochrome P-450 isoenzymes, caution should be exercised when PLETAL is coadministered with inhibitors of C.P.A. such as ketoconazole and erythromycin or inhibitors of CYP2C19 such as omeprazole.	PLETAL	ketoconazole	advise
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	theophylline	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	phenytoin	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	lidocaine	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	therefore, close monitoring of prothrombin time is recommended, and adjustment of the anticoagulant dose may be necessary when Tagamet is administered concomitantly.	anticoagulant	Tagamet	advise
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	diazepam	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	propranolol	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	However, a crossover study in healthy subjects receiving either Tagamet 300 mg q.i.d. or 800 mg h.s. concomitantly with a 300 mg b.i.d. dosage of theophylline (Theo-Dur , Key Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) demonstrated less alteration in steady-state theophylline peak serum levels with the 800 mg h.s. regimen, particularly in subjects aged 54 years and older.	Tagamet	theophylline	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	warfarin-type anticoagulants	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	However, a crossover study in healthy subjects receiving either Tagamet 300 mg q.i.d. or 800 mg h.s. concomitantly with a 300 mg b.i.d. dosage of theophylline (Theo-Dur , Key Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) demonstrated less alteration in steady-state theophylline peak serum levels with the 800 mg h.s. regimen, particularly in subjects aged 54 years and older.	Tagamet	Theo-Dur	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	metronidazole	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	tricyclic antidepressants	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	nifedipine	mechanism
Cimetidine_ddi.xml	Tagamet, apparently through an effect on certain microsomal enzyme systems, has been reported to reduce the hepatic metabolism of warfarin-type anticoagulants, phenytoin, propranolol, nifedipine, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, certain tricyclic antidepressants, lidocaine, theophylline and metronidazole, thereby delaying elimination and increasing blood levels of these drugs.	Tagamet	chlordiazepoxide	mechanism
Cinacalcet_ddi.xml	Dose adjustment of Sensipar may be required and PTH and serum calcium concentrations should be closely monitored if a patient initiates or discontinues therapy with a strong CYP3A4 inhibitor (e.g., ketoconazole, erythromycin, itraconazole;	Sensipar	ketoconazole	advise
Cinacalcet_ddi.xml	Co-administration of ketoconazole, a strong inhibitor of CYP3A4, increased cinacalcet exposure following a single 90 mg dose of Sensipar by 2.3 fold.	ketoconazole	cinacalcet	mechanism
Cinacalcet_ddi.xml	Dose adjustment of Sensipar may be required and PTH and serum calcium concentrations should be closely monitored if a patient initiates or discontinues therapy with a strong CYP3A4 inhibitor (e.g., ketoconazole, erythromycin, itraconazole;	Sensipar	erythromycin	advise
Cinacalcet_ddi.xml	Amitriptyline: Concurrent administration of 25 mg or 100 mg cinacalcet with 50 mg amitriptyline increased amitriptyline exposure and nortriptyline (active metabolite) exposure by approximately 20% in CYP2D6 extensive metabolizers.	cinacalcet	amitriptyline	mechanism
Cinacalcet_ddi.xml	Dose adjustment of Sensipar may be required and PTH and serum calcium concentrations should be closely monitored if a patient initiates or discontinues therapy with a strong CYP3A4 inhibitor (e.g., ketoconazole, erythromycin, itraconazole;	Sensipar	itraconazole	advise
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including cinoxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, such as warfarin or its derivatives.	Quinolones	warfarin	effect
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Also, concomitant administration of quinolones with products containing iron, multivitamins containing zinc, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution may result in low urine levels.	quinolones	zinc	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Although this interaction has not been reported with cinoxacin, caution should be exercised when cinoxacin is given concomitantly with caffeine-containing products.	cinoxacin	caffeine	advise
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Elevated cyclosporine serum levels have been reported with the concomitant use of quinolones and cyclosporine.	quinolones	cyclosporine	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Also, concomitant administration of quinolones with products containing iron, multivitamins containing zinc, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution may result in low urine levels.	quinolones	iron	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Seizures have been reported in patients taking another quinolone class antimicrobial and the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug fenbufen concurrently.	quinolone class antimicrobial	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug	effect
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones have also been shown to interfere with the metabolism of caffeine.	Quinolones	caffeine	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Physicians are provided this information to increase awareness of the potential for serious interactions when cinoxacin and certain nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents are administered concomitantly.	cinoxacin	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	advise
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids or sucralfate substantially interfere with the absorption of some quinolones, resulting in low urine levels.	Antacids	quinolones	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including cinoxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, such as warfarin or its derivatives.	cinoxacin	warfarin	effect
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Also, concomitant administration of quinolones with products containing iron, multivitamins containing zinc, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution may result in low urine levels.	quinolones	Videx	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Elevated plasma levels of theophylline have been reported with concomitant use of some quinolones.	theophylline	quinolones	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including cinoxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, such as warfarin or its derivatives.	Quinolones	anticoagulants	effect
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Seizures have been reported in patients taking another quinolone class antimicrobial and the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug fenbufen concurrently.	quinolone class antimicrobial	fenbufen	effect
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Also, concomitant administration of quinolones with products containing iron, multivitamins containing zinc, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution may result in low urine levels.	quinolones	didanosine	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids or sucralfate substantially interfere with the absorption of some quinolones, resulting in low urine levels.	sucralfate	quinolones	mechanism
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including cinoxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, such as warfarin or its derivatives.	cinoxacin	anticoagulants	effect
Cinoxacin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of theophylline-related side-effects in patients on concomitant theophylline-quinolone therapy.	theophylline	quinolone	effect
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	iron	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Probenecid: Probenecid interferes with renal tubular secretion of ciprofloxacin and produces an increase in the level of ciprofloxacin in serum.	Probenecid	ciprofloxacin	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	zinc	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Some quinolones, including ciprofloxacin, have also been shown to interfere with the metabolism of caffeine.	quinolones	caffeine	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	aluminum	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	sucralfate	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Theophylline: As with some other quinolones, concurrent administration of ciprofloxacin with theophylline may lead to elevated serum concentrations of theophylline and prolongation of its elimination half-life.	ciprofloxacin	theophylline	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	sucralfate	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Some quinolones, including ciprofloxacin, have been associated with transient elevations in serum creatinine in patients receiving cyclosporine concomitantly.	ciprofloxacin	cyclosporine	effect
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Quinolones have been reported to enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant warfarin or its derivatives.	Quinolones	warfarin	effect
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	antacids	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	VIDEX	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Some quinolones, including ciprofloxacin, have also been shown to interfere with the metabolism of caffeine.	ciprofloxacin	caffeine	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Glyburide: The concomitant administration of ciprofloxacin with the sulfonylurea glyburide has, on rare occasions, resulted in severe hypoglycemia.	ciprofloxacin	glyburide	effect
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	iron	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	magnesium	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	magnesium	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Therefore, patients under methotrexate therapy should be carefully monitored when concomitant ciprofloxacin therapy is indicated.	methotrexate	ciprofloxacin	advise
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	This time window is different than for other oral formulations of ciprofloxacin, which are usually administered 2 hours before or 6 hours after antacids.	ciprofloxacin	antacids	advise
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: Altered serum levels of phenytoin (increased and decreased) have been reported in patients receiving concomitant ciprofloxacin.	phenytoin	ciprofloxacin	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	VIDEX	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Probenecid: Probenecid interferes with renal tubular secretion of ciprofloxacin and produces an increase in the level of ciprofloxacin in serum.	Probenecid	ciprofloxacin	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	calcium	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	ciprofloxacin	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Glyburide: The concomitant administration of ciprofloxacin with the sulfonylurea glyburide has, on rare occasions, resulted in severe hypoglycemia.	ciprofloxacin	sulfonylurea	effect
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	antacids	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	aluminum	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	ciprofloxacin	calcium	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Methotrexate Renal tubular transport of methotrexate may be inhibited by concomitant administration of ciprofloxacin, potentially leading to increased plasma levels of methotrexate.	methotrexate	ciprofloxacin	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Theophylline: As with some other quinolones, concurrent administration of ciprofloxacin with theophylline may lead to elevated serum concentrations of theophylline and prolongation of its elimination half-life.	quinolones	theophylline	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivalent Cation-Containing Products: Concurrent administration of a quinolone, including ciprofloxacin, with multivalent cation-containing products such as magnesium or aluminum antacids, sucralfate, VIDEX chewable/buffered tablets or pediatric powder, or products containing calcium, iron, or zinc may substantially decrease the absorption of ciprofloxacin, resulting in serum and urine levels considerably lower than desired.	quinolone	zinc	mechanism
Ciprofloxacin_ddi.xml	Some quinolones, including ciprofloxacin, have been associated with transient elevations in serum creatinine in patients receiving cyclosporine concomitantly.	quinolones	cyclosporine	effect
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Protease Inhibitors: In vitro data indicate that indinavir and ritonavir markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	indinavir	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Antibiotics: In vitro and/or in vivo data show that clarithromycin, erythromycin, and troleandomycin markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride, which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	clarithromycin	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Anticholinergics: Concurrent administration of certain anticholinergic compounds, such as belladonna alkaloids and dicyclomine, would be expected to compromise the beneficial effects of cisapride.	anticholinergic compounds	cisapride	effect
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Cisapride should not be used concomitantly with other drugs known to prolong the QT interval: certain antiarrhythmics, including those of Class IA (such as quinidine and procainamide) and Class III (such as sotalol);	Cisapride	quinidine	advise
Cisapride_ddi.xml	H2 Receptor Antagonists: Cimetidine coadministration leads to an increased peak plasma concentration and AUC of cisapride, there is no effect on cisapride absorption when it is coadministered with ranitidine.	Cimetidine	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Anticholinergics: Concurrent administration of certain anticholinergic compounds, such as belladonna alkaloids and dicyclomine, would be expected to compromise the beneficial effects of cisapride.	dicyclomine	cisapride	effect
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Antifungals: In vitro and/or in vivo data indicate that fluconazole, itraconazole, and oral ketoconazole markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride, which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	ketoconazole	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Antifungals: In vitro and/or in vivo data indicate that fluconazole, itraconazole, and oral ketoconazole markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride, which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	itraconazole	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Cisapride should not be used concomitantly with other drugs known to prolong the QT interval: certain antiarrhythmics, including those of Class IA (such as quinidine and procainamide) and Class III (such as sotalol);	Cisapride	sotalol	advise
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Antibiotics: In vitro and/or in vivo data show that clarithromycin, erythromycin, and troleandomycin markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride, which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	troleandomycin	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Antidepressants: In vitro data indicate that nefazodone inhibits the metabolism of cisapride, which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	nefazodone	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Human pharmacokinetic data indicate that oral ketoconazole markedly inhibits the metabolism of cisapride, resulting in a mean eight-fold increase in AUC of cisapride.	ketoconazole	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Cisapride should not be used concomitantly with other drugs known to prolong the QT interval: certain antiarrhythmics, including those of Class IA (such as quinidine and procainamide) and Class III (such as sotalol);	Cisapride	antiarrhythmics	advise
Cisapride_ddi.xml	The gastrointestinal absorption of cimetidine and ranitidine is accelerated when they are coadministered with cisapride.	cimetidine	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	It is advisable to check coagulation time within the first few days after the start and discontinuation of cisapride therapy, with an appropriate adjustment of the anticoagulant dose, if necessary.	cisapride	anticoagulant	advise
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Cisapride should not be used concomitantly with other drugs known to prolong the QT interval: certain antiarrhythmics, including those of Class IA (such as quinidine and procainamide) and Class III (such as sotalol);	Cisapride	procainamide	advise
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Antibiotics: In vitro and/or in vivo data show that clarithromycin, erythromycin, and troleandomycin markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride, which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	erythromycin	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Protease Inhibitors: In vitro data indicate that indinavir and ritonavir markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	ritonavir	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Anticholinergics: Concurrent administration of certain anticholinergic compounds, such as belladonna alkaloids and dicyclomine, would be expected to compromise the beneficial effects of cisapride.	belladonna alkaloids	cisapride	effect
Cisapride_ddi.xml	Antifungals: In vitro and/or in vivo data indicate that fluconazole, itraconazole, and oral ketoconazole markedly inhibit the metabolism of cisapride, which can result in an increase in plasma cisapride levels and prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	fluconazole	cisapride	mechanism
Cisapride_ddi.xml	A study in 14 normal male and female volunteers suggests that coadministration of cisapride and ketoconazole can result in prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	cisapride	ketoconazole	effect
Cisapride_ddi.xml	The gastrointestinal absorption of cimetidine and ranitidine is accelerated when they are coadministered with cisapride.	ranitidine	cisapride	mechanism
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	quinidine	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Isoflurane or enflurane administered with nitrous oxide/oxygen to achieve 1.25 MAC [Minimum Alveolar Concentration] may prolong the clinically effective duration of action of initial and maintenance doses of NIMBEX and decrease the required infusion rate of NIMBEX.	nitrous oxide	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	antibiotics	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	bacitracin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	The time to onset of maximum block following NIMBEX is approximately 2 minutes faster with prior administration of succinylcholine.	NIMBEX	succinylcholine	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Isoflurane or enflurane administered with nitrous oxide/oxygen to achieve 1.25 MAC [Minimum Alveolar Concentration] may prolong the clinically effective duration of action of initial and maintenance doses of NIMBEX and decrease the required infusion rate of NIMBEX.	Isoflurane	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	colistin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Isoflurane or enflurane administered with nitrous oxide/oxygen to achieve 1.25 MAC [Minimum Alveolar Concentration] may prolong the clinically effective duration of action of initial and maintenance doses of NIMBEX and decrease the required infusion rate of NIMBEX.	enflurane	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	While the effects of chronic phenytoin or carbamazepine therapy on the action of NIMBEX are unknown, slightly shorter durations of neuromuscular block may be anticipated and infusion rate requirements may be higher.	phenytoin	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	polymyxins	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	magnesium	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	anesthetics	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	quinidine	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Resistance to the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents has been demonstrated in patients chronically administered phenytoin or carbamazepine.	nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents	phenytoin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	lithium	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Isoflurane or enflurane administered with nitrous oxide/oxygen to achieve 1.25 MAC [Minimum Alveolar Concentration] may prolong the clinically effective duration of action of initial and maintenance doses of NIMBEX and decrease the required infusion rate of NIMBEX.	enflurane	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	tetracyclines	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	antibiotics	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	sodium colistemethate	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	aminoglycosides	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	polymyxins	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	While the effects of chronic phenytoin or carbamazepine therapy on the action of NIMBEX are unknown, slightly shorter durations of neuromuscular block may be anticipated and infusion rate requirements may be higher.	carbamazepine	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	lincomycin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Administration of 0.1-mg/kg (2 x ED95) NIMBEX at 10% or 95% recovery following an intubating dose of succinylcholine (1 mg/kg) produced  95% neuromuscular block.	NIMBEX	succinylcholine	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Isoflurane or enflurane administered with nitrous oxide/oxygen to achieve 1.25 MAC [Minimum Alveolar Concentration] may prolong the clinically effective duration of action of initial and maintenance doses of NIMBEX and decrease the required infusion rate of NIMBEX.	Isoflurane	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	clindamycin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	aminoglycosides	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	tetracyclines	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	anesthetics	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	clindamycin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Isoflurane or enflurane administered with nitrous oxide/oxygen to achieve 1.25 MAC [Minimum Alveolar Concentration] may prolong the clinically effective duration of action of initial and maintenance doses of NIMBEX and decrease the required infusion rate of NIMBEX.	nitrous oxide	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	In long surgical procedures during enflurane or isoflurane anesthesia, less frequent maintenance dosing, lower maintenance doses, or reduced infusion rates of NIMBEX may be necessary.	enflurane	NIMBEX	advise
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	magnesium	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	bacitracin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	In long surgical procedures during enflurane or isoflurane anesthesia, less frequent maintenance dosing, lower maintenance doses, or reduced infusion rates of NIMBEX may be necessary.	isoflurane	NIMBEX	advise
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	sodium colistemethate	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Infusion requirements of NIMBEX in patients administered succinylcholine prior to infusions of NIMBEX were comparable to or slightly greater than when succinylcholine was not administered.	succinylcholine	NIMBEX	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	colistin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	lincomycin	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	procainamide	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	nondepolarizing agents	lithium	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NIMBEX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistemethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NIMBEX	procainamide	effect
Cisatracurium Besylate_ddi.xml	Resistance to the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents has been demonstrated in patients chronically administered phenytoin or carbamazepine.	nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents	carbamazepine	effect
Clavulanate_ddi.xml	In common with other broad-spectrum antibiotics, AUGMENTIN XR may reduce the efficacy of oral contraceptives	AUGMENTIN XR	contraceptives	effect
Clavulanate_ddi.xml	The concurrent administration of allopurinol and ampicillin increases substantially the incidence of rashes in patients receiving both drugs as compared to patients receiving ampicillin alone.	allopurinol	ampicillin	effect
Clavulanate_ddi.xml	In common with other broad-spectrum antibiotics, AUGMENTIN XR may reduce the efficacy of oral contraceptives	broad-spectrum antibiotics	contraceptives	effect
Clavulanate_ddi.xml	It is not known whether this potentiation of ampicillin rashes is due to allopurinol or the hyperuricemia present in these patients.	ampicillin	allopurinol	effect
Clemastine_ddi.xml	Additive CNS depression may occur when antihistamines are administered concomitantly with other CNS depressants including barbiturates, tranquilizers, and alcohol.	antihistamines	barbiturates	effect
Clemastine_ddi.xml	Additive CNS depression may occur when antihistamines are administered concomitantly with other CNS depressants including barbiturates, tranquilizers, and alcohol.	antihistamines	tranquilizers	effect
Clemastine_ddi.xml	Patients receiving antihistamines should be advised against the concurrent use of other CNS depressant drugs.	antihistamines	CNS depressant drugs	advise
Clemastine_ddi.xml	Additive CNS depression may occur when antihistamines are administered concomitantly with other CNS depressants including barbiturates, tranquilizers, and alcohol.	antihistamines	CNS depressants	effect
Clemastine_ddi.xml	Monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors prolong and intensify the anticholinergic effects of antihistamines.	Monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors	antihistamines	effect
Clemastine_ddi.xml	Additive CNS depression may occur when antihistamines are administered concomitantly with other CNS depressants including barbiturates, tranquilizers, and alcohol.	antihistamines	alcohol	effect
Clidinium_ddi.xml	Clidinium may decrease the effect of phenothiazines, levodopa, and ketoconazole.	Clidinium	ketoconazole	effect
Clidinium_ddi.xml	Clidinium may decrease the effect of phenothiazines, levodopa, and ketoconazole.	Clidinium	levodopa	effect
Clidinium_ddi.xml	Amantadine, tricyclic antidepressants, and MAOIs may increase anticholinergic effect of clidinium.	MAOIs	clidinium	effect
Clidinium_ddi.xml	Amantadine, tricyclic antidepressants, and MAOIs may increase anticholinergic effect of clidinium.	Amantadine	clidinium	effect
Clidinium_ddi.xml	Clidinium may decrease the effect of phenothiazines, levodopa, and ketoconazole.	Clidinium	phenothiazines	effect
Clidinium_ddi.xml	Amantadine, tricyclic antidepressants, and MAOIs may increase anticholinergic effect of clidinium.	tricyclic antidepressants	clidinium	effect
Clindamycin_ddi.xml	Antagonism has been demonstrated between clindamycin and erythromycin in vitro.	clindamycin	erythromycin	effect
Clindamycin_ddi.xml	Clindamycin has been shown to have neuromuscular blocking properties that may enhance the action of other neuromuscular blocking agents.	Clindamycin	neuromuscular blocking agents	effect
Clofazimine_ddi.xml	If leprosy-associated inflammatory reactions develop in patients being treated with dapsone and clofazimine, it is still advisable to continue treatment with both drugs.	dapsone	clofazimine	advise
Clofazimine_ddi.xml	Preliminary data which suggest that dapsone may inhibit the anti-inflammatory activity of Lamprene have not been confirmed.	dapsone	Lamprene	effect
Clofibrate_ddi.xml	Atromid-S may displace acidic drugs such as phenytoin or tolbutamide from their binding sites.	Atromid-S	phenytoin	mechanism
Clofibrate_ddi.xml	Fulminant rhabdomyolysis has been seen as early as three weeks after initiation of combined therapy with another fibrate and lovastatin but may be seen after several months.	fibrate	lovastatin	effect
Clofibrate_ddi.xml	Atromid-S may displace acidic drugs such as phenytoin or tolbutamide from their binding sites.	Atromid-S	tolbutamide	mechanism
Clofibrate_ddi.xml	Therefore, the combined use of lovastatin with fibrates should generally be avoided.	lovastatin	fibrates	advise
Clofibrate_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised when anticoagulants are given in conjunction with Atromid-S.	anticoagulants	Atromid-S	advise
Clofibrate_ddi.xml	For these reasons, it is felt that, in most subjects who have had an unsatisfactory lipid response to either drug alone, the possible benefits of combined therapy with lovastatin and a fibrate do not outweigh the risks of severe myopathy, rhabdomyolysis, and acute renal failure.	lovastatin	fibrate	effect
Clofibrate_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic effect of tolbutamide has been reported to increase when Atromid-S is given concurrently.	tolbutamide	Atromid-S	effect
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	cimetidine	CMI	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	The plasma concentration of CMI has been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of haloperidol;	CMI	haloperidol	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Close supervision and careful adjustment of dosage are required when Anafranil is administered with anticholinergic or sympathomimetic drugs.	Anafranil	anticholinergic	advise
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	tricyclic antidepressants	fluoxetine	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Several tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to block the pharmacologic effects of guanethidine, clonidine, or similar agents, and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI because of its structural similarity to other tricyclic antidepressants.	tricyclic antidepressants	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	phenytoin	CMI	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Several tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to block the pharmacologic effects of guanethidine, clonidine, or similar agents, and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI because of its structural similarity to other tricyclic antidepressants.	tricyclic antidepressants	clonidine	effect
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Fluvoxamine has also been shown to inhibit P450 1A2, an isoform also involved in TCAmetabolism.	Fluvoxamine	TCA	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	methylphenidate	CMI	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Administration of CMI has been reported to increase the plasma levels of phenobarbital, if given concomitantly.	CMI	phenobarbital	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Close supervision and careful adjustment of dosage are required when Anafranil is administered with anticholinergic or sympathomimetic drugs.	Anafranil	sympathomimetic drugs	advise
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	tricyclic antidepressants	phenytoin	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	fluoxetine	CMI	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Because Anafranil is highly bound to serum protein, the administration of Anafranil to patients taking other drugs that are highly bound to protein (e.g., warfarin, digoxin) may cause an increase in plasma concentrations of these drugs, potentially resulting in adverse effects.	Anafranil	digoxin	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	tricyclic antidepressants	methylphenidate	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Anafranil should not be used with MAO inhibitors.	Anafranil	MAO inhibitors	advise
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	The extent to which SSRI-TCAinteractions may pose clinical problems will depend on the degree of inhibition and the pharmacokinetics of the SSRI involved.	SSRI	TCA	int
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, caution is indicated in the co-administration of TCAs with any of the SSRIs and also in switching from one class to the other.	TCAs	SSRIs	advise
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	barbiturates	CMI	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Of particular importance, sufficient time must elapse before initiating TCAtreatment in a patient being withdrawn from fluoxetine, given the long half-life of the parent and active metabolite (at least 5 weeks may be necessary).	TCA	fluoxetine	advise
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Because Anafranil is highly bound to serum protein, the administration of Anafranil to patients taking other drugs that are highly bound to protein (e.g., warfarin, digoxin) may cause an increase in plasma concentrations of these drugs, potentially resulting in adverse effects.	Anafranil	warfarin	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Several tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to block the pharmacologic effects of guanethidine, clonidine, or similar agents, and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI because of its structural similarity to other tricyclic antidepressants.	tricyclic antidepressants	CMI	effect
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	plasma levels of several closely related tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to be increased by the concomitant administration of methylphenidate or hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decreased by the concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI as well.	tricyclic antidepressants	barbiturates	mechanism
Clomipramine_ddi.xml	Several tricyclic antidepressants have been reported to block the pharmacologic effects of guanethidine, clonidine, or similar agents, and such an effect may be anticipated with CMI because of its structural similarity to other tricyclic antidepressants.	tricyclic antidepressants	guanethidine	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	narcotics	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	thioxanthene classes of antipsychotic agents	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	antianxiety agents	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Cytochrome P-450 inducers, such as phenytoin, carbamazepine and phenobarbital, induce clonazepam metabolism, causing an approximately 30% decrease in plasma clonazepam levels.	phenobarbital	clonazepam	mechanism
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	barbiturates	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	In a study in which the 2 mg clonazepam orally disintegrating tablet was administered with and without propantheline (an anticholinergic agent with multiple effects on the GI tract) to healthy volunteers, the AUC of clonazepam was 10% lower and the Cmax of clonazepam was 20% lower when the orally disintegrating tablet was given with propantheline compared to when it was given alone.	clonazepam	propantheline	mechanism
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Cytochrome P-450 inducers, such as phenytoin, carbamazepine and phenobarbital, induce clonazepam metabolism, causing an approximately 30% decrease in plasma clonazepam levels.	phenytoin	clonazepam	mechanism
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	nonbarbiturate hypnotics	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	alcohol	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	In a study in which the 2 mg clonazepam orally disintegrating tablet was administered with and without propantheline (an anticholinergic agent with multiple effects on the GI tract) to healthy volunteers, the AUC of clonazepam was 10% lower and the Cmax of clonazepam was 20% lower when the orally disintegrating tablet was given with propantheline compared to when it was given alone.	clonazepam	propantheline	mechanism
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Cytochrome P-450 inducers, such as phenytoin, carbamazepine and phenobarbital, induce clonazepam metabolism, causing an approximately 30% decrease in plasma clonazepam levels.	carbamazepine	clonazepam	mechanism
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	phenothiazines classes of antipsychotic agents	effect
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Although clinical studies have not been performed, based on the involvement of the cytochrome P-450 3A family in clonazepam metabolism, inhibitors of this enzyme system, notably oral antifungal agents, should be used cautiously in patients receiving clonazepam.	antifungal agents	clonazepam	advise
Clonazepam_ddi.xml	Pharmacodynamic Interactions: The CNS-depressant action of the benzodiazepine class of drugs may be potentiated by alcohol, narcotics, barbiturates, nonbarbiturate hypnotics, antianxiety agents, the phenothiazines, thioxanthene and butyrophenone classes of antipsychotic agents, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclic antidepressants, and by other anticonvulsant drugs.	benzodiazepine class	anticonvulsant drugs	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Also, due to the potential for additive effects such as bradycardia and AV block, caution is warranted in patients receiving clonidine with agents known to affect sinus node function or AV nodal conduction (e.g., digitalis, calcium channel blockers, and beta-blockers.)	clonidine	calcium channel blockers	advise
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Amitriptyline in combination with clonidine enhances the manifestation of corneal lesions in rats Epidural Injection Clonidine may potentiate the CNS-depressive effect of alcohol, barbiturates or other sedating drugs.	Clonidine	sedating drugs	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Clonidine hydrochloride may enhance the CNS-depressive effects of alcohol, barbiturates or other sedatives.	Clonidine hydrochloride	sedatives	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants may antagonize the hypotensive effects of clonidine.	Tricyclic antidepressants	clonidine	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Epidural clonidine may prolong the duration of pharmacologic effects of epidural local anesthetics, including both sensory and motor blockade.	clonidine	anesthetics	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Amitriptyline in combination with clonidine enhances the manifestation of corneal lesions in rats Epidural Injection Clonidine may potentiate the CNS-depressive effect of alcohol, barbiturates or other sedating drugs.	Clonidine	barbiturates	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Tablet If a patient receiving clonidine hydrochloride is also taking tricyclic antidepressants, the effect of clonidine may be reduced, thus necessitating an increase in dosage.	clonidine hydrochloride	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Beta blockers may exacerbate the hypertensive response seen with clonidine withdrawl.	Beta blockers	clonidine	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Also, due to the potential for additive effects such as bradycardia and AV block, caution is warranted in patients receiving clonidine with agents known to affect sinus node function or AV nodal conduction (e.g., digitalis, calcium channel blockers, and beta-blockers.)	clonidine	digitalis	advise
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Amitriptyline in combination with clonidine enhances the manifestation of corneal lesions in rats Epidural Injection Clonidine may potentiate the CNS-depressive effect of alcohol, barbiturates or other sedating drugs.	Amitriptyline	clonidine	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	There is one reported case of a patient with acute delirium associated with the simultaneous use of fluphenazine and oral clonidine.	fluphenazine	clonidine	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Narcotic analgesics may potentiate the hypotensive effects of clonidine.	Narcotic analgesics	clonidine	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Amitriptyline in combination with clonidine enhances the manifestation of corneal lesions in rats Epidural Injection Clonidine may potentiate the CNS-depressive effect of alcohol, barbiturates or other sedating drugs.	Clonidine	alcohol	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Also, due to the potential for additive effects such as bradycardia and AV block, caution is warranted in patients receiving clonidine with agents known to affect sinus node function or AV nodal conduction (e.g., digitalis, calcium channel blockers, and beta-blockers.)	clonidine	beta-blockers	advise
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Clonidine hydrochloride may enhance the CNS-depressive effects of alcohol, barbiturates or other sedatives.	Clonidine hydrochloride	alcohol	effect
Clonidine_ddi.xml	Clonidine hydrochloride may enhance the CNS-depressive effects of alcohol, barbiturates or other sedatives.	Clonidine hydrochloride	barbiturates	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	The actions of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by barbiturates, narcotics, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase inhibitors or other antidepressants.	benzodiazepines	phenothiazines	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	Animal experience indicates that clorazepate dipotassium prolongs the sleeping time after hexobarbital or after ethyl alcohol, increases the inhibitory effects of chlorpromazine, but does not exhibit monoamine oxidase inhibition.	clorazepate dipotassium	ethyl alcohol	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	The actions of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by barbiturates, narcotics, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase inhibitors or other antidepressants.	benzodiazepines	narcotics	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	Animal experience indicates that clorazepate dipotassium prolongs the sleeping time after hexobarbital or after ethyl alcohol, increases the inhibitory effects of chlorpromazine, but does not exhibit monoamine oxidase inhibition.	clorazepate dipotassium	chlorpromazine	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	The actions of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by barbiturates, narcotics, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase inhibitors or other antidepressants.	benzodiazepines	antidepressants	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	Animal experience indicates that clorazepate dipotassium prolongs the sleeping time after hexobarbital or after ethyl alcohol, increases the inhibitory effects of chlorpromazine, but does not exhibit monoamine oxidase inhibition.	clorazepate dipotassium	hexobarbital	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	The actions of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by barbiturates, narcotics, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase inhibitors or other antidepressants.	benzodiazepines	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Clorazepate_ddi.xml	The actions of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by barbiturates, narcotics, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase inhibitors or other antidepressants.	benzodiazepines	barbiturates	effect
Clozapine_ddi.xml	However, other published reports describe modest elevations (less than two-fold) of clozapine and metabolite concentrations when clozapine was taken with paroxetine, fluoxetine, and sertraline.	clozapine	fluoxetine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	carbamazepine	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Although it has not been established that there is an interaction between Clozapine and benzodiazepines or other psychotropics, caution is advised when clozapine is initiated in patients taking a benzodiazepine or any other psychotropic drug.	clozapine	benzodiazepine	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	propafenone	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Clozapine may potentiate the hypotensive effects of antihypertensive drugs and the anticholinergic effects of atropine-type drugs.	Clozapine	antihypertensive drugs	effect
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Cimetidine, caffeine, and erythromycin may increase plasma levels of Clozapine, potentially resulting in adverse effects.	Cimetidine	Clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Phenytoin, nicotine, and rifampin may decrease Clozapine plasma levels, resulting in a decrease in effectiveness of a previously effective Clozapine dose.	nicotine	Clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	However, other published reports describe modest elevations (less than two-fold) of clozapine and metabolite concentrations when clozapine was taken with paroxetine, fluoxetine, and sertraline.	clozapine	paroxetine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Cimetidine, caffeine, and erythromycin may increase plasma levels of Clozapine, potentially resulting in adverse effects.	caffeine	Clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	antidepressants	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Cimetidine, caffeine, and erythromycin may increase plasma levels of Clozapine, potentially resulting in adverse effects.	erythromycin	Clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	encainide	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	However, other published reports describe modest elevations (less than two-fold) of clozapine and metabolite concentrations when clozapine was taken with paroxetine, fluoxetine, and sertraline.	clozapine	sertraline	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Although it has not been established that there is an interaction between Clozapine and benzodiazepines or other psychotropics, caution is advised when clozapine is initiated in patients taking a benzodiazepine or any other psychotropic drug.	clozapine	psychotropic drug	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Given the primary CNS effects of Clozapine, caution is advised in using it concomitantly with other CNS-active drugs or alcohol.	Clozapine	alcohol	effect
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Phenytoin, nicotine, and rifampin may decrease Clozapine plasma levels, resulting in a decrease in effectiveness of a previously effective Clozapine dose.	Phenytoin	Clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	Type 1C antiarrhythmics	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Although concomitant use of Clozapine and carbamazepine is not recommended, it should be noted that discontinuation of concomitant carbamazepine administration may result in an increase in Clozapine plasma levels.	carbamazepine	Clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	flecainide	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Phenytoin, nicotine, and rifampin may decrease Clozapine plasma levels, resulting in a decrease in effectiveness of a previously effective Clozapine dose.	rifampin	Clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Although concomitant use of Clozapine and carbamazepine is not recommended, it should be noted that discontinuation of concomitant carbamazepine administration may result in an increase in Clozapine plasma levels.	Clozapine	carbamazepine	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Paroxetine produced only minor changes in the levels of clozapine and its metabolites.	Paroxetine	clozapine	mechanism
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Clozapine may potentiate the hypotensive effects of antihypertensive drugs and the anticholinergic effects of atropine-type drugs.	Clozapine	atropine	effect
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	quinidine	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, such combined treatment should be approached with caution and patients should be monitored closely when Clozapine is combined with these drugs, particularly with fluvoxamine.	Clozapine	fluvoxamine	advise
Clozapine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of clozapine with other drugs that are metabolized by this isozyme, including antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (e.g., quinidine), should be approached with caution.	clozapine	phenothiazines	advise
Codeine_ddi.xml	Codeine in combination with other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) has additive depressant effects.	Codeine	anesthetics	effect
Codeine_ddi.xml	Codeine in combination with other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) has additive depressant effects.	Codeine	CNS depressants	effect
Codeine_ddi.xml	Codeine in combination with other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) has additive depressant effects.	Codeine	phenothiazines	effect
Codeine_ddi.xml	Codeine in combination with other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) has additive depressant effects.	Codeine	narcotic analgesics	effect
Codeine_ddi.xml	Codeine in combination with other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) has additive depressant effects.	Codeine	alcohol	effect
Codeine_ddi.xml	Codeine in combination with other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) has additive depressant effects.	Codeine	tranquilizers	effect
Codeine_ddi.xml	Codeine in combination with other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) has additive depressant effects.	Codeine	sedative-hypnotics	effect
Colchicine_ddi.xml	The action of colchicine is potentiated by alkalinizing agents.	colchicine	alkalinizing agents	mechanism
Colchicine_ddi.xml	Colchicine may increase sensitivity to the CNS depressants.	Colchicine	CNS depressants	effect
Colchicine_ddi.xml	Colchicine is inhibited by acidifying agents.	Colchicine	acidifying agents	mechanism
Colchicine_ddi.xml	Response to sympathomimetic agents may be enhanced by colchicine.	sympathomimetic agents	colchicine	effect
Colesevelam_ddi.xml	WelChol  decreased the Cmax and AUC of sustained-release verapamil (Calan SR ) by approximately 31% and 11%, respectively.	WelChol	Calan SR	mechanism
Colesevelam_ddi.xml	WelChol  decreased the Cmax and AUC of sustained-release verapamil (Calan SR ) by approximately 31% and 11%, respectively.	WelChol	verapamil	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Studies in humans show that the absorption of chlorothiazide as reflected in urinary excretion is markedly decreased even when administered one hour before colestipol hydrochloride.	chlorothiazide	colestipol hydrochloride	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Repeated doses of colestipol hydrochloride given prior to a single dose of propranolol in human trials have been reported to decrease propranolol absorption.	colestipol hydrochloride	propranolol	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	The absorption of tetracycline, furosemide, penicillin G, hydrochlorothiazide, and gemfibrozil was significantly decreased when given simultaneously with colestipol hydrochloride;	hydrochlorothiazide	colestipol hydrochloride	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	The absorption of tetracycline, furosemide, penicillin G, hydrochlorothiazide, and gemfibrozil was significantly decreased when given simultaneously with colestipol hydrochloride;	penicillin G	colestipol hydrochloride	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Bile acid binding resins may also interfere with the absorption of oral phosphate supplements and hydrocortisone.	Bile acid binding resins	phosphate	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	The absorption of tetracycline, furosemide, penicillin G, hydrochlorothiazide, and gemfibrozil was significantly decreased when given simultaneously with colestipol hydrochloride;	furosemide	colestipol hydrochloride	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Therefore, patients on propranolol should be observed when COLESTID Tablets are either added or deleted from a therapeutic regimen.	propranolol	COLESTID	advise
Colestipol_ddi.xml	The absorption of tetracycline, furosemide, penicillin G, hydrochlorothiazide, and gemfibrozil was significantly decreased when given simultaneously with colestipol hydrochloride;	tetracycline	colestipol hydrochloride	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	The absorption of tetracycline, furosemide, penicillin G, hydrochlorothiazide, and gemfibrozil was significantly decreased when given simultaneously with colestipol hydrochloride;	gemfibrozil	colestipol hydrochloride	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Particular caution should be observed with digitalis preparations since there are conflicting results for the effect of colestipol hydrochloride on the availability of digoxin and digitoxin.	digitalis preparations	colestipol hydrochloride	effect
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Bile acid binding resins may also interfere with the absorption of oral phosphate supplements and hydrocortisone.	Bile acid binding resins	hydrocortisone	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Particular caution should be observed with digitalis preparations since there are conflicting results for the effect of colestipol hydrochloride on the availability of digoxin and digitoxin.	colestipol hydrochloride	digoxin	mechanism
Colestipol_ddi.xml	Particular caution should be observed with digitalis preparations since there are conflicting results for the effect of colestipol hydrochloride on the availability of digoxin and digitoxin.	colestipol hydrochloride	digitoxin	mechanism
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	Curariform muscle relaxants (eg, tubocurarine) and other drugs, including ether, succinylcholine, gallamine, decamethonium and sodium citrate, potentiate the neuromuscular blocking effect and should be used with extreme caution in patients being treated with Coly-Mycin M Parenteral.	Curariform muscle relaxants	Coly-Mycin M	effect
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	Curariform muscle relaxants (eg, tubocurarine) and other drugs, including ether, succinylcholine, gallamine, decamethonium and sodium citrate, potentiate the neuromuscular blocking effect and should be used with extreme caution in patients being treated with Coly-Mycin M Parenteral.	decamethonium	Coly-Mycin M	effect
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	Curariform muscle relaxants (eg, tubocurarine) and other drugs, including ether, succinylcholine, gallamine, decamethonium and sodium citrate, potentiate the neuromuscular blocking effect and should be used with extreme caution in patients being treated with Coly-Mycin M Parenteral.	gallamine	Coly-Mycin M	effect
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	Curariform muscle relaxants (eg, tubocurarine) and other drugs, including ether, succinylcholine, gallamine, decamethonium and sodium citrate, potentiate the neuromuscular blocking effect and should be used with extreme caution in patients being treated with Coly-Mycin M Parenteral.	succinylcholine	Coly-Mycin M	effect
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of sodium cephalothin and Coly-Mycin M Parenteral should be avoided.	sodium cephalothin	Coly-Mycin M	advise
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	Curariform muscle relaxants (eg, tubocurarine) and other drugs, including ether, succinylcholine, gallamine, decamethonium and sodium citrate, potentiate the neuromuscular blocking effect and should be used with extreme caution in patients being treated with Coly-Mycin M Parenteral.	tubocurarine	Coly-Mycin M	effect
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	Curariform muscle relaxants (eg, tubocurarine) and other drugs, including ether, succinylcholine, gallamine, decamethonium and sodium citrate, potentiate the neuromuscular blocking effect and should be used with extreme caution in patients being treated with Coly-Mycin M Parenteral.	sodium citrate	Coly-Mycin M	effect
Colistimethate_ddi.xml	Sodium cephalothin may enhance the nephrotoxicity of Coly-Mycin M Parenteral.	Sodium cephalothin	Coly-Mycin M	effect
Conivaptan_ddi.xml	Therefore, if digoxin is administered with VAPRISOL, the clinician should be alert to the possibility of increases in digoxin levels.	digoxin	VAPRISOL	mechanism
Conivaptan_ddi.xml	Digoxin: Coadministration of digoxin, a P-glycoprotein substrate, with oral conivaptan resulted in a reduction in clearance and an increase in digoxin Cmax and AUC values.	digoxin	conivaptan	mechanism
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs that induce hepatic enzymes such as phenobarbital, phenytoin and rifampin may increase the clearance of corticosteroids and may require increases in corticosteroid dose to achieve the desired response.	rifampin	corticosteroid	advise
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs such as troleandomycin and ketoconazole may inhibit the metabolism of corticosteroids and thus decrease their clearance.	ketoconazole	corticosteroids	mechanism
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Aspirin should be used cautiously in conjunction with cortico-steroids in patients suffering from hypopro-thrombinemia.	Aspirin	cortico-steroids	advise
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs that induce hepatic enzymes such as phenobarbital, phenytoin and rifampin may increase the clearance of corticosteroids and may require increases in corticosteroid dose to achieve the desired response.	rifampin	corticosteroids	mechanism
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs that induce hepatic enzymes such as phenobarbital, phenytoin and rifampin may increase the clearance of corticosteroids and may require increases in corticosteroid dose to achieve the desired response.	phenytoin	corticosteroids	mechanism
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs that induce hepatic enzymes such as phenobarbital, phenytoin and rifampin may increase the clearance of corticosteroids and may require increases in corticosteroid dose to achieve the desired response.	phenobarbital	corticosteroids	mechanism
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	There are reports of enhanced as well as diminished effects of anticoagulants when given concurrently with corticosteroids.	anticoagulants	corticosteroids	effect
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids may increase the clearance of chronic high dose aspirin.	Corticosteroids	aspirin	effect
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	This could lead to decreased salicylate serum levels or increase the risk of salicylate toxicity when corticosteroid is withdrawn.	salicylate	corticosteroid	effect
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs such as troleandomycin and ketoconazole may inhibit the metabolism of corticosteroids and thus decrease their clearance.	troleandomycin	corticosteroids	mechanism
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs that induce hepatic enzymes such as phenobarbital, phenytoin and rifampin may increase the clearance of corticosteroids and may require increases in corticosteroid dose to achieve the desired response.	phenytoin	corticosteroid	advise
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	The effect of corticosteroids on oral anticoagulants is variable.	corticosteroids	anticoagulants	effect
Cortisone acetate_ddi.xml	Drugs that induce hepatic enzymes such as phenobarbital, phenytoin and rifampin may increase the clearance of corticosteroids and may require increases in corticosteroid dose to achieve the desired response.	phenobarbital	corticosteroid	advise
Cromoglicate_ddi.xml	The addition of 540 mg/kg/day of cromolyn sodium (approximately 340 times the maximum recommended daily inhalation dose in adults on a mg/m2 basis) to 2.7 mg/kg/day of isoproterenol (approximately 7 times the maximum recommended daily inhalation dose in adults on a mg/m2 basis) appears to have increased the incidence of both resorptions and malformations.	cromolyn sodium	isoproterenol	effect
Cyanocobalamin_ddi.xml	Colchicine para-aminosalicylic acid and heavy alcohol intake for longer than 2 weeks may produce malabsorption of vitamin B12.	para-aminosalicylic acid	vitamin B12	mechanism
Cyanocobalamin_ddi.xml	Colchicine para-aminosalicylic acid and heavy alcohol intake for longer than 2 weeks may produce malabsorption of vitamin B12.	Colchicine	vitamin B12	mechanism
Cyanocobalamin_ddi.xml	Colchicine para-aminosalicylic acid and heavy alcohol intake for longer than 2 weeks may produce malabsorption of vitamin B12.	alcohol	vitamin B12	mechanism
Cyclobenzaprine_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants may enhance the seizure risk in patients taking tramadol	Tricyclic antidepressants	tramadol	effect
Cyclobenzaprine_ddi.xml	FLEXERIL may enhance the effects of alcohol, barbiturates, and other CNS depressants.	FLEXERIL	alcohol	effect
Cyclobenzaprine_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants may block the antihypertensive action of guanethidine and similarly acting compounds.	Tricyclic antidepressants	guanethidine	effect
Cyclobenzaprine_ddi.xml	FLEXERIL may enhance the effects of alcohol, barbiturates, and other CNS depressants.	FLEXERIL	barbiturates	effect
Cyclobenzaprine_ddi.xml	FLEXERIL may have life-threatening interactions with MAO inhibitors.	FLEXERIL	MAO inhibitors	int
Cyclobenzaprine_ddi.xml	FLEXERIL may enhance the effects of alcohol, barbiturates, and other CNS depressants.	FLEXERIL	CNS depressants	effect
Cyclopentolate_ddi.xml	Cyclopentolate may interfere with the anti-glaucoma action of carbachol or pilocarpine;	Cyclopentolate	pilocarpine	effect
Cyclopentolate_ddi.xml	Cyclopentolate may interfere with the anti-glaucoma action of carbachol or pilocarpine;	Cyclopentolate	carbachol	effect
Cyclophosphamide_ddi.xml	Cyclophosphamide treatment, which causes a marked and persistent inhibition of cholinesterase activity, potentiates the effect of succinylcholine chloride.	Cyclophosphamide	succinylcholine chloride	effect
Cyclophosphamide_ddi.xml	The rate of metabolism and the leukopenic activity of cyclophosphamide reportedly are increased by chronic administration of high doses of phenobarbital.	cyclophosphamide	phenobarbital	mechanism
Cyproheptadine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may have additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants, e.g., hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, antianxiety agents.	Antihistamines	alcohol	effect
Cyproheptadine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may have additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants, e.g., hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, antianxiety agents.	Antihistamines	tranquilizers	effect
Cyproheptadine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may have additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants, e.g., hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, antianxiety agents.	Antihistamines	CNS depressants	effect
Cyproheptadine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors prolong and intensify the anticholinergic effects of antihistamines.	MAO inhibitors	antihistamines	effect
Cyproheptadine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may have additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants, e.g., hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, antianxiety agents.	Antihistamines	antianxiety agents	effect
Cyproheptadine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may have additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants, e.g., hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, antianxiety agents.	Antihistamines	hypnotics	effect
Cyproheptadine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may have additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants, e.g., hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, antianxiety agents.	Antihistamines	sedatives	effect
Dantrolene_ddi.xml	It is recommended that the combination of intravenous dantrolene sodium and calcium channel blockers, such as verapamil, not be used together during the management of malignant hyperthermia crisis until the relevance of these findings to humans is established.	dantrolene sodium	calcium channel blockers	advise
Dantrolene_ddi.xml	Administration of dantrolene may potentiate vecuronium-induced neuromuscular block.	dantrolene	vecuronium	effect
Dantrolene_ddi.xml	It is recommended that the combination of intravenous dantrolene sodium and calcium channel blockers, such as verapamil, not be used together during the management of malignant hyperthermia crisis until the relevance of these findings to humans is established.	dantrolene sodium	verapamil	advise
Dapsone_ddi.xml	With oral dapsone treatment, folic acid antagonists such as pyrimethamine have been noted to possibly increase the likelihood of hematologic reactions	dapsone	folic acid antagonists	effect
Dapsone_ddi.xml	With oral dapsone treatment, folic acid antagonists such as pyrimethamine have been noted to possibly increase the likelihood of hematologic reactions	dapsone	pyrimethamine	effect
Daptomycin_ddi.xml	Experience with co-administration of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors and Fentanyl in patients is limited,therefore,consideration should be given to temporarily suspending use of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors in patients receiving Fentanyl.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors	Fentanyl	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	The daily dose of ENABLEX should not exceed 7.5 mg when coadministered with potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, nelfinavir, clarithromycin and nefazadone) .	ENABLEX	itraconazole	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	Caution should be taken when ENABLEX is used concomitantly with medications that are predominantly metabolized by CYP2D6 and which have a narrow therapeutic window, such as flecainide, thioridazine and tricyclic antidepressants (see CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY).	ENABLEX	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	The daily dose of ENABLEX should not exceed 7.5 mg when coadministered with potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, nelfinavir, clarithromycin and nefazadone) .	ENABLEX	ritonavir	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	Caution should be taken when ENABLEX is used concomitantly with medications that are predominantly metabolized by CYP2D6 and which have a narrow therapeutic window, such as flecainide, thioridazine and tricyclic antidepressants (see CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY).	ENABLEX	flecainide	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	The daily dose of ENABLEX should not exceed 7.5 mg when coadministered with potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, nelfinavir, clarithromycin and nefazadone) .	ENABLEX	ketoconazole	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of ENABLEX with other anticholinergic agents may increase the frequency and/or severity of dry mouth, constipation, blurred vision and other anticholinergic pharmacological effects.	ENABLEX	anticholinergic agents	effect
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	Caution should be taken when ENABLEX is used concomitantly with medications that are predominantly metabolized by CYP2D6 and which have a narrow therapeutic window, such as flecainide, thioridazine and tricyclic antidepressants (see CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY).	ENABLEX	thioridazine	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	The daily dose of ENABLEX should not exceed 7.5 mg when coadministered with potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, nelfinavir, clarithromycin and nefazadone) .	ENABLEX	nelfinavir	advise
Darifenacin_ddi.xml	The daily dose of ENABLEX should not exceed 7.5 mg when coadministered with potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, nelfinavir, clarithromycin and nefazadone) .	ENABLEX	clarithromycin	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	nefazodone	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	cyclosporine	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	ketoconazole	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	alfentanil	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	H2 Blockers/Proton Pump Inhibitors: Long-term suppression of gastric acid secretion by H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors (eg, famotidine and omeprazole) is likely to reduce dasatinib exposure.	proton pump inhibitors	dasatinib	effect
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	indinavir	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	ritonavir	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	H2 Blockers/Proton Pump Inhibitors: Long-term suppression of gastric acid secretion by H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors (eg, famotidine and omeprazole) is likely to reduce dasatinib exposure.	omeprazole	dasatinib	effect
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	itraconazole	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors with SPRYCEL is not recommended.	H2 blockers	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	saquinavir	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	tacrolimus	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	sirolimus	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors with SPRYCEL is not recommended.	proton pump inhibitors	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	The use of antacids should be considered in place of H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors in patients receiving SPRYCEL therapy.	proton pump inhibitors	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	ergot alkaloids	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	If antacid therapy is needed, the antacid dose should be administered at least 2 hours prior to or 2 hours after the dose of SPRYCEL.	antacid	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	cisapride	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	terfenadine	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	H2 Blockers/Proton Pump Inhibitors: Long-term suppression of gastric acid secretion by H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors (eg, famotidine and omeprazole) is likely to reduce dasatinib exposure.	H2 blockers	dasatinib	effect
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	ergotamine	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	astemizole	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	nelfinavir	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	telithromycin	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Simultaneous administration of SPRYCEL with antacids should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	antacids	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	H2 Blockers/Proton Pump Inhibitors: Long-term suppression of gastric acid secretion by H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors (eg, famotidine and omeprazole) is likely to reduce dasatinib exposure.	famotidine	dasatinib	effect
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	pimozide	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	quinidine	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	fentanyl	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	atazanavir	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Therefore, CYP3A4 substrates known to have a narrow therapeutic index such as alfentanil, astemizole, terfenadine, cisapride, cyclosporine, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, or ergot alkaloids (ergotamine, dihydroergotamine) should be administered with caution in patients receiving SPRYCEL.	dihydroergotamine	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	The use of antacids should be considered in place of H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors in patients receiving SPRYCEL therapy.	H2 blockers	SPRYCEL	advise
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	erythromycin	mechanism
Dasatinib_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of SPRYCEL and drugs that inhibit CYP3A4 (eg, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, ritonavir, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin) may increase exposure to dasatinib and should be avoided.	SPRYCEL	clarithromycin	mechanism
Daunorubicin_ddi.xml	Cerubidine should not be used in patients who have previously received the recommended maximum cumulative doses of doxorubicin or Cerubidine.	Cerubidine	doxorubicin	advise
Daunorubicin_ddi.xml	Use of Cerubidine in a patient who has previously received doxorubicin increases the risk of cardiotoxicity.	Cerubidine	doxorubicin	effect
Daunorubicin_ddi.xml	Cyclophosphamide used concurrently with Cerubidine may also result in increased cardiotoxicity.	Cyclophosphamide	Cerubidine	effect
Deferasirox_ddi.xml	Although deferasirox has a lower affinity for aluminum than for iron, Exjade should not be taken with aluminum-containing antacid preparations.	Exjade	aluminum	advise
Demeclocycline_ddi.xml	Because the tetracyclines have been shown to depress plasma prothrombin activity, patients who are on anticoagulant therapy may require downward adjustment of their anticoagulant dosage.	tetracyclines	anticoagulant	advise
Demeclocycline_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of tetracyclines with oral contraceptives may render oral contraceptives less effective.	tetracyclines	contraceptives	effect
Demeclocycline_ddi.xml	Since bacteriostatic drugs, such as the tetracycline class of antibiotics, may interfere with the bactericidal action of penicillins, it is not advisable to administer these drugs concomitantly.	tetracycline class	penicillins	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	If desipramine hydrochloride is to be combined with other psychotropic agents such as tranquilizers or sedative/hypnotics, careful consideration should be given to the pharmacology of the agents employed since the sedative effects of desipramine and benzodiazepines (e.g., chlordiazepoxide or diazepam) are additive.	desipramine hydrochloride	sedative	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	If desipramine hydrochloride is to be combined with other psychotropic agents such as tranquilizers or sedative/hypnotics, careful consideration should be given to the pharmacology of the agents employed since the sedative effects of desipramine and benzodiazepines (e.g., chlordiazepoxide or diazepam) are additive.	desipramine	chlordiazepoxide	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	If desipramine hydrochloride is to be combined with other psychotropic agents such as tranquilizers or sedative/hypnotics, careful consideration should be given to the pharmacology of the agents employed since the sedative effects of desipramine and benzodiazepines (e.g., chlordiazepoxide or diazepam) are additive.	desipramine hydrochloride	psychotropic agents	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of cimetidine and tricyclic antidepressants can produce clinically significant increases in the plasma levels of the tricyclic antidepressants.	cimetidine	tricyclic antidepressants	mechanism
Desipramine_ddi.xml	The extent to which SSRI-TCA interactions may pose clinical problems will depend on the degree of inhibition and the pharmacokinetics of the SSRI involved.	SSRI	TCA	int
Desipramine_ddi.xml	If desipramine hydrochloride is to be combined with other psychotropic agents such as tranquilizers or sedative/hypnotics, careful consideration should be given to the pharmacology of the agents employed since the sedative effects of desipramine and benzodiazepines (e.g., chlordiazepoxide or diazepam) are additive.	desipramine hydrochloride	hypnotics	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	If desipramine hydrochloride is to be combined with other psychotropic agents such as tranquilizers or sedative/hypnotics, careful consideration should be given to the pharmacology of the agents employed since the sedative effects of desipramine and benzodiazepines (e.g., chlordiazepoxide or diazepam) are additive.	desipramine hydrochloride	tranquilizers	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	Conversely, decreases in plasma levels of the tricyclic antidepressants have been reported upon discontinuation of cimetidine which may result in the loss of the therapeutic efficacy of the tricyclic antidepressant 6.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	mechanism
Desipramine_ddi.xml	If desipramine hydrochloride is to be combined with other psychotropic agents such as tranquilizers or sedative/hypnotics, careful consideration should be given to the pharmacology of the agents employed since the sedative effects of desipramine and benzodiazepines (e.g., chlordiazepoxide or diazepam) are additive.	desipramine	benzodiazepines	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, caution is indicated in the co-administration of T.A. with any of the SSRIs and also in switching from one class to the other.	T.A.	SSRIs	advise
Desipramine_ddi.xml	If desipramine hydrochloride is to be combined with other psychotropic agents such as tranquilizers or sedative/hypnotics, careful consideration should be given to the pharmacology of the agents employed since the sedative effects of desipramine and benzodiazepines (e.g., chlordiazepoxide or diazepam) are additive.	desipramine	diazepam	effect
Desipramine_ddi.xml	There have been greater than two-fold increases of previously stable plasma levels of tricyclic antidepressants when fluoxetine has been administered in combination with these agents.	tricyclic antidepressants	fluoxetine	mechanism
Desipramine_ddi.xml	Both the sedative and anticholinergic effects of the major tranquilizers are also additive to those of desipramine.	major tranquilizers	desipramine	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids may also potentiate the replication of some organisms contained in live attenuated vaccines.	Corticosteroids	live attenuated vaccines	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Antibiotics: Macrolide antibiotics have been reported to cause a significant decrease in corticosteroid clearance.	Macrolide antibiotics	corticosteroid	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Anticoagulants, oral: Co-administration of corticosteroids and warfarin usually results in inhibition of response to warfarin, although there have been some conflicting reports.	corticosteroids	warfarin	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Amphotericin B injection and potassium-depleting agents: When corticosteroids are administered concomitantly with potassium-depleting agents (e.g., amphotericin B, diuretics), patients should be observed closely for development of hypokalemia.	corticosteroids	diuretics	advise
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Hepatic Enzyme Inducers, Inhibitors and Substrates: Drugs which induce cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP 3A4) enzyme activity (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin) may enhance the metabolism of corticosteroids and require that the dosage of the corticosteroid be increased.	barbiturates	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	The clearance of salicylates may be increased with concurrent use of corticosteroids.	salicylates	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Hepatic Enzyme Inducers, Inhibitors and Substrates: Drugs which induce cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP 3A4) enzyme activity (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin) may enhance the metabolism of corticosteroids and require that the dosage of the corticosteroid be increased.	carbamazepine	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Hepatic Enzyme Inducers, Inhibitors and Substrates: Drugs which induce cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP 3A4) enzyme activity (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin) may enhance the metabolism of corticosteroids and require that the dosage of the corticosteroid be increased.	rifampin	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Antidiabetics: Because corticosteroids may increase blood glucose concentrations, dosage adjustments of antidiabetic agents may be required.	corticosteroids	antidiabetic agents	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Ephedrine: Ephedrine may enhance the metabolic clearance of corticosteroids, resulting in decreased blood levels and lessened physiologic activity, thus requiring an increase in corticosteroid dosage.	Ephedrine	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Estrogens, including oral contraceptives: Estrogens may decrease the hepatic metabolism of certain corticosteroids, thereby increasing their effect.	Estrogens	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Aminoglutethimide: Aminoglutethimide may diminish adrenal suppression by corticosteroids.	Aminoglutethimide	corticosteroids	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Aspirin should be used cautiously in conjunction with corticosteroids in hypoprothrombinemia.	Aspirin	corticosteroids	advise
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Increased activity of both cyclosporine and corticosteroids may occur when the two are used concurrently.	cyclosporine	corticosteroids	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Anticholinesterases: Concomitant use of anticholinesterase agents and corticosteroids may produce severe weakness in patients with myasthenia gravis.	anticholinesterase agents	corticosteroids	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Drugs which inhibit CYP 3A4 (e.g., ketoconazole, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin) have the potential to result in increased plasma concentrations of corticosteroids.	ketoconazole	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Drugs which inhibit CYP 3A4 (e.g., ketoconazole, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin) have the potential to result in increased plasma concentrations of corticosteroids.	macrolide antibiotics	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Vaccines: Patients on corticosteroid therapy may exhibit a diminished response to toxoids and live or inactivated vaccines due to inhibition of antibody response.	corticosteroid	inactivated vaccines	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDS): Concomitant use of aspirin (or other nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents) and corticosteroids increases the risk of gastrointestinal side effects.	aspirin	corticosteroids	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine: Cholestyramine may increase the clearance of corticosteroids.	Cholestyramine	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	In addition, there have been cases reported in which concomitant use of amphotericin B and hydrocortisone was followed by cardiac enlargement and congestive heart failure.	amphotericin B	hydrocortisone	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	If possible, anticholinesterase agents should be withdrawn at least 24 hours before initiating corticosteroid therapy.	anticholinesterase agents	corticosteroid	advise
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Vaccines: Patients on corticosteroid therapy may exhibit a diminished response to toxoids and live or inactivated vaccines due to inhibition of antibody response.	corticosteroid	live vaccines	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	In addition, ketoconazole alone can inhibit adrenal corticosteroid synthesis and may cause adrenal insufficiency during corticosteroid withdrawal.	ketoconazole	corticosteroid	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Routine administration of vaccines or toxoids should be deferred until corticosteroid therapy is discontinued if possible.	vaccines	corticosteroid	advise
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Hepatic Enzyme Inducers, Inhibitors and Substrates: Drugs which induce cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP 3A4) enzyme activity (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin) may enhance the metabolism of corticosteroids and require that the dosage of the corticosteroid be increased.	phenytoin	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDS): Concomitant use of aspirin (or other nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents) and corticosteroids increases the risk of gastrointestinal side effects.	nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents	corticosteroids	effect
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Amphotericin B injection and potassium-depleting agents: When corticosteroids are administered concomitantly with potassium-depleting agents (e.g., amphotericin B, diuretics), patients should be observed closely for development of hypokalemia.	corticosteroids	amphotericin B	advise
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Drugs which inhibit CYP 3A4 (e.g., ketoconazole, macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin) have the potential to result in increased plasma concentrations of corticosteroids.	erythromycin	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Ketoconazole has been reported to decrease the metabolism of certain corticosteroids by up to 60%, leading to increased risk of corticosteroid side effects.	Ketoconazole	corticosteroids	mechanism
Dexamethasone_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: In post-marketing experience, there have been reports of both increases and decreases in phenytoin levels with dexamethasone co-administration, leading to alterations in seizure control.	phenytoin	dexamethasone	mechanism
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	MAOIs	venlafaxine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	A rare, but serious, constellation of symptoms, termed serotonin syndrome, has been reported with the concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and agents for migraine therapy, such as Imitrex (sumatriptan succinate) and dihydroergotamine.	selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors	sumatriptan succinate	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	At least 14 days should elapse between discontinuation of a MAO inhibitor and initiation of treatment with dexfenfluramine.	MAO inhibitor	dexfenfluramine	advise
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	MAOIs	paroxetine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	Dexfenfluramine should not be administered with other serotoninergic agents.	Dexfenfluramine	serotoninergic agents	advise
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	selegiline hydrochloride	venlafaxine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	selegiline hydrochloride	fluvoxamine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	venlafaxine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	paroxetine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	A rare, but serious, constellation of symptoms, termed serotonin syndrome, has been reported with the concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and agents for migraine therapy, such as Imitrex (sumatriptan succinate) and dihydroergotamine.	SSRIs	sumatriptan succinate	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	A rare, but serious, constellation of symptoms, termed serotonin syndrome, has been reported with the concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and agents for migraine therapy, such as Imitrex (sumatriptan succinate) and dihydroergotamine.	selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors	dihydroergotamine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	serotoninergic agents	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	MAOIs	fluoxetine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	selegiline hydrochloride	sertraline	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	MAOIs	sertraline	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	Because dexfenfluramine is a serotonin releaser and reuptake inhibitor, dexfenfluramine should not be used concomitantly with a MAO inhibitor.	dexfenfluramine	MAO inhibitor	advise
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	selegiline hydrochloride	serotoninergic agents	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	A rare, but serious, constellation of symptoms, termed serotonin syndrome, has been reported with the concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and agents for migraine therapy, such as Imitrex (sumatriptan succinate) and dihydroergotamine.	SSRIs	Imitrex	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	A rare, but serious, constellation of symptoms, termed serotonin syndrome, has been reported with the concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and agents for migraine therapy, such as Imitrex (sumatriptan succinate) and dihydroergotamine.	selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors	Imitrex	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	At least 3 weeks should elapse between discontinuation of dexfenfluramine and initiation of treatment with a MAO inhibitor.	dexfenfluramine	MAO inhibitor	advise
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	MAOIs	serotoninergic agents	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	selegiline hydrochloride	fluoxetine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	MAOIs	fluvoxamine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	A rare, but serious, constellation of symptoms, termed serotonin syndrome, has been reported with the concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and agents for migraine therapy, such as Imitrex (sumatriptan succinate) and dihydroergotamine.	SSRIs	dihydroergotamine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	sertraline	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	selegiline hydrochloride	paroxetine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	fluoxetine	effect
Dexfenfluramine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) (e.g., selegiline hydrochloride) in combination with serotoninergic agents (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	fluvoxamine	effect
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	Anesthetics/Sedatives/Hypnotics/Opioids: Co-administration of PRECEDEX with anesthetics, sedatives, hypnotics, and opioids is likely to lead to an enhancement of effects.	PRECEDEX	opioids	effect
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	However, due to possible pharmacodynamic interactions, when co-administered with PRECEDEX, a reduction in dosage of PRECEDEX on the concomitant anesthetic, sedative, hypnotic or opioid may be required.	PRECEDEX	anesthetic	advise
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	Anesthetics/Sedatives/Hypnotics/Opioids: Co-administration of PRECEDEX with anesthetics, sedatives, hypnotics, and opioids is likely to lead to an enhancement of effects.	PRECEDEX	anesthetics	effect
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	However, due to possible pharmacodynamic interactions, when co-administered with PRECEDEX, a reduction in dosage of PRECEDEX on the concomitant anesthetic, sedative, hypnotic or opioid may be required.	PRECEDEX	sedative	advise
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	However, due to possible pharmacodynamic interactions, when co-administered with PRECEDEX, a reduction in dosage of PRECEDEX on the concomitant anesthetic, sedative, hypnotic or opioid may be required.	PRECEDEX	opioid	advise
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	Anesthetics/Sedatives/Hypnotics/Opioids: Co-administration of PRECEDEX with anesthetics, sedatives, hypnotics, and opioids is likely to lead to an enhancement of effects.	PRECEDEX	sedatives	effect
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	Anesthetics/Sedatives/Hypnotics/Opioids: Co-administration of PRECEDEX with anesthetics, sedatives, hypnotics, and opioids is likely to lead to an enhancement of effects.	PRECEDEX	hypnotics	effect
Dexmedetomidine_ddi.xml	However, due to possible pharmacodynamic interactions, when co-administered with PRECEDEX, a reduction in dosage of PRECEDEX on the concomitant anesthetic, sedative, hypnotic or opioid may be required.	PRECEDEX	hypnotic	advise
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Adrenergic blockers: Adrenergic blockers are inhibited by amphetamines.	Adrenergic blockers	amphetamines	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors: MAOI antidepressants, as well as a metabolite of furazolidone, slow amphetamine metabolism.	MAOI antidepressants	amphetamine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Propoxyphene: In cases of propoxyphene overdosage, amphetamine CNS stimulation is potentiated and fatal convulsions can occur.	propoxyphene	amphetamine	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Acidifying agents: Gastrointestinal acidifying agents (guanethidine, reserpine, glutamic acid HCl, ascorbic acid, fruit juices, etc.) lower absorption of amphetamines.	guanethidine	amphetamines	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: Amphetamines may delay intestinal absorption of phenytoin;	Amphetamines	phenytoin	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Methenamine therapy: Urinary excretion of amphetamines is increased, and efficacy is reduced, by acidifying agents used in methenamine therapy.	amphetamines	acidifying agents	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Acidifying agents: Gastrointestinal acidifying agents (guanethidine, reserpine, glutamic acid HCl, ascorbic acid, fruit juices, etc.) lower absorption of amphetamines.	ascorbic acid	amphetamines	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Acidifying agents: Gastrointestinal acidifying agents (guanethidine, reserpine, glutamic acid HCl, ascorbic acid, fruit juices, etc.) lower absorption of amphetamines.	reserpine	amphetamines	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary alkalinizing agents (acetazolamide, some thiazides) increase the concentration of the non-ionized species of the amphetamine molecule, thereby decreasing urinary excretion.	thiazides	amphetamine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary acidifying agents (ammonium chloride, sodium acid phosphate, etc.) increase the concentration of the ionized species of the amphetamine molecule, thereby increasing urinary excretion.	sodium acid phosphate	amphetamine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Ethosuximide: Amphetamines may delay intestinal absorption of ethosuximide.	Amphetamines	ethosuximide	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary acidifying agents (ammonium chloride, sodium acid phosphate, etc.) increase the concentration of the ionized species of the amphetamine molecule, thereby increasing urinary excretion.	ammonium chloride	amphetamine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	d-amphetamine with desipramine or protriptyline and possibly other tricyclics cause striking and sustained increases in the concentration of d-amphetamine in the brain;	d-amphetamine	tricyclics	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	d-amphetamine with desipramine or protriptyline and possibly other tricyclics cause striking and sustained increases in the concentration of d-amphetamine in the brain;	d-amphetamine	desipramine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Lithium carbonate: The stimulatory effects of amphetamines may be inhibited by lithium carbonate.	amphetamines	lithium carbonate	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Norepinephrine: Amphetamines enhance the adrenergic effect of norepinephrine.	Amphetamines	norepinephrine	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Acidifying agents: Gastrointestinal acidifying agents (guanethidine, reserpine, glutamic acid HCl, ascorbic acid, fruit juices, etc.) lower absorption of amphetamines.	Gastrointestinal acidifying agents	amphetamines	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Acidifying agents: Gastrointestinal acidifying agents (guanethidine, reserpine, glutamic acid HCl, ascorbic acid, fruit juices, etc.) lower absorption of amphetamines.	glutamic acid HCl	amphetamines	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors: MAOI antidepressants, as well as a metabolite of furazolidone, slow amphetamine metabolism.	furazolidone	amphetamine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Drug/Laboratory Test Interactions: Amphetamines can cause a significant elevation in plasma corticosteroid levels.	Amphetamines	corticosteroid	
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary alkalinizing agents (acetazolamide, some thiazides) increase the concentration of the non-ionized species of the amphetamine molecule, thereby decreasing urinary excretion.	acetazolamide	amphetamine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines: Amphetamines may counteract the sedative effect of antihistamines.	Amphetamines	antihistamines	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary acidifying agents (ammonium chloride, sodium acid phosphate, etc.) increase the concentration of the ionized species of the amphetamine molecule, thereby increasing urinary excretion.	Urinary acidifying agents	amphetamine	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Haloperidol: Haloperidol blocks dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake, thus inhibiting the central stimulant effects of amphetamines.	Haloperidol	amphetamines	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	d-amphetamine with desipramine or protriptyline and possibly other tricyclics cause striking and sustained increases in the concentration of d-amphetamine in the brain;	d-amphetamine	protriptyline	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Antidepressants, tricyclic: Amphetamines may enhance the activity of tricyclic or sympathomimetic agents;	Amphetamines	sympathomimetic agents	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Chlorpromazine: Chlorpromazine blocks dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake, thus inhibiting the central stimulant effects of amphetamines, and can be used to treat amphetamine poisoning.	Chlorpromazine	amphetamines	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Veratrum alkaloids: Amphetamines inhibit the hypotensive effect of veratrum alkaloids.	Amphetamines	veratrum alkaloids	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Antidepressants, tricyclic: Amphetamines may enhance the activity of tricyclic or sympathomimetic agents;	Amphetamines	tricyclic	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Meperidine: Amphetamines potentiate the analgesic effect of meperidine.	Amphetamines	meperidine	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital: Amphetamines may delay intestinal absorption of phenobarbital;	Amphetamines	phenobarbital	mechanism
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Antihypertensives: Amphetamines may antagonize the hypotensive effects of antihypertensives.	Amphetamines	antihypertensives	effect
Dextroamphetamine_ddi.xml	Alkalinizing agents: Gastrointestinal alkalinizing agents (sodium bicarbonate, etc.) increase absorption of amphetamines.	sodium bicarbonate	amphetamines	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	There are rare reports, however, from marketing experiences, of changes in effects of insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents in the presence of diclofenac that necessitated changes in the doses of such agents.	hypoglycemic agents	diclofenac	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Anticoagulants: While studies have not shown diclofenac to interact with anticoagulants of the warfarin type, caution should be exercised, nonetheless, since interactions have been seen with other NSAIDs.	diclofenac	NSAIDs	advise
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Lithium: Diclofenac decreases lithium renal clearance and increases lithium plasma levels.	Diclofenac	lithium	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Patients who begin taking diclofenac or who increase their diclofenac dose or any other NSAID while taking digoxin, methotrexate, or cyclosporine may develop toxicity characteristics for these drugs.	NSAID	digoxin	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Protein Binding In vitro, diclofenac interferes minimally or not at all with the protein binding of salicylic acid (20% decrease in binding), tolbutamide, prednisolone (10% decrease in binding), or warfarin.	diclofenac	salicylic acid	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Patients who begin taking diclofenac or who increase their diclofenac dose or any other NSAID while taking digoxin, methotrexate, or cyclosporine may develop toxicity characteristics for these drugs.	NSAID	cyclosporine	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Protein Binding In vitro, diclofenac interferes minimally or not at all with the protein binding of salicylic acid (20% decrease in binding), tolbutamide, prednisolone (10% decrease in binding), or warfarin.	diclofenac	warfarin	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Patients who begin taking diclofenac or who increase their diclofenac dose or any other NSAID while taking digoxin, methotrexate, or cyclosporine may develop toxicity characteristics for these drugs.	diclofenac	cyclosporine	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Ingestion of diclofenac may increase serum concentrations of digoxin and methotrexate and increase cyclosporine s nephrotoxicity.	diclofenac	digoxin	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Patients who begin taking diclofenac or who increase their diclofenac dose or any other NSAID while taking digoxin, methotrexate, or cyclosporine may develop toxicity characteristics for these drugs.	diclofenac	digoxin	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Diuretics: Diclofenac and other NSAIDs can inhibit the activity of diuretics.	NSAIDs	diuretics	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital toxicity has been reported to have occurred in a patient on chronic phenobarbital treatment following the initiation of diclofenac therapy.	phenobarbital	diclofenac	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Ingestion of diclofenac may increase serum concentrations of digoxin and methotrexate and increase cyclosporine s nephrotoxicity.	diclofenac	cyclosporine	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Because prostaglandins play an important role in hemostasis, and NSAIDs affect platelet function as well, concurrent therapy with all NSAIDs, including diclofenac, and warfarin requires close monitoring of patients to be certain that no change in their anticoagulant dosage is required.	diclofenac	warfarin	advise
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Because prostaglandins play an important role in hemostasis, and NSAIDs affect platelet function as well, concurrent therapy with all NSAIDs, including diclofenac, and warfarin requires close monitoring of patients to be certain that no change in their anticoagulant dosage is required.	NSAIDs	warfarin	advise
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Protein Binding In vitro, diclofenac interferes minimally or not at all with the protein binding of salicylic acid (20% decrease in binding), tolbutamide, prednisolone (10% decrease in binding), or warfarin.	diclofenac	tolbutamide	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Patients who begin taking diclofenac or who increase their diclofenac dose or any other NSAID while taking digoxin, methotrexate, or cyclosporine may develop toxicity characteristics for these drugs.	diclofenac	methotrexate	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Lithium: Diclofenac decreases lithium renal clearance and increases lithium plasma levels.	Diclofenac	lithium	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Diuretics: Diclofenac and other NSAIDs can inhibit the activity of diuretics.	Diclofenac	diuretics	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	A direct causal relationship has not been established, but physicians should consider the possibility that diclofenac may alter a diabetic patient s response to insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents.	diclofenac	insulin	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Concomitant administration of diclofenac and aspirin is not recommended because diclofenac is displaced from its binding sites during the concomitant administration of aspirin, resulting in lower plasma concentrations, peak plasma levels, and AUC values.	diclofenac	aspirin	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Protein Binding In vitro, diclofenac interferes minimally or not at all with the protein binding of salicylic acid (20% decrease in binding), tolbutamide, prednisolone (10% decrease in binding), or warfarin.	diclofenac	prednisolone	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	A direct causal relationship has not been established, but physicians should consider the possibility that diclofenac may alter a diabetic patient s response to insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents.	diclofenac	hypoglycemic agents	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Ingestion of diclofenac may increase serum concentrations of digoxin and methotrexate and increase cyclosporine s nephrotoxicity.	diclofenac	methotrexate	mechanism
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Patients who begin taking diclofenac or who increase their diclofenac dose or any other NSAID while taking digoxin, methotrexate, or cyclosporine may develop toxicity characteristics for these drugs.	NSAID	methotrexate	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	In patients taking diclofenac and lithium concomitantly, lithium toxicity may develop.	diclofenac	lithium	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	There are rare reports, however, from marketing experiences, of changes in effects of insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents in the presence of diclofenac that necessitated changes in the doses of such agents.	insulin	diclofenac	effect
Diclofenac_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Concomitant administration of diclofenac and aspirin is not recommended because diclofenac is displaced from its binding sites during the concomitant administration of aspirin, resulting in lower plasma concentrations, peak plasma levels, and AUC values.	diclofenac	aspirin	advise
Dicyclomine_ddi.xml	Anticholinergic drugs may antagonize the effects of the drugs that alter gastrointestinal motility, such as metoclopramide.	Anticholinergic drugs	metoclopramide	mechanism
Dicyclomine_ddi.xml	Anticholinergic agents may affect gastrointestinal absorption of various drugs, such as slowly dissolving dosage forms of digoxin;	Anticholinergic agents	digoxin	mechanism
Dicyclomine_ddi.xml	Because antacids may interfere with the absorption of anticholinergic agents, simultaneous use of these drugs should be avoided.	antacids	anticholinergic agents	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Ganciclovir: Administration of VIDEX 2 hours prior to or concurrent with oral ganciclovir was associated with a 111 (114)% increase in the steady-state AUC of didanosine (n = 12).	VIDEX	ganciclovir	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other Antiretroviral Drugs: Significant decreases in the AUC of delavirdine (20%) and indinavir (84%) occurred following simultaneous administration of these agents with VIDEX.	delavirdine	VIDEX	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Antacids: Concomitant administration of antacids containing magnesium or aluminum with VIDEX Chewable/Dispersible Buffered Tablets or Pediatric Powder for Oral Solution may potentiate adverse events associated with the antacid components.	aluminum	VIDEX	effect
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Quinolone Antibiotics: VIDEX should be administered at least 2 hours after or 6 hours before dosing with ciprofloxacin because plasma concentrations of ciprofloxacin are decreased when administered with antacids containing magnesium, calcium, or aluminum.	ciprofloxacin	calcium	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Plasma concentrations of quinolone antibiotics are decreased when administered with antacids containing magnesium, calcium, or aluminum.	quinolone antibiotics	calcium	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	To avoid this interaction, delavirdine or indinavir should be given 1 hour prior to dosing with VIDEX.	indinavir	VIDEX	advise
Didanosine_ddi.xml	The AUC of ciprofloxacin was decreased an average of 15-fold in 12 healthy subjects given ciprofloxacin and didanosine-placebo tablets concurrently.	ciprofloxacin	didanosine	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Drugs Whose Absorption Can Be Affected by the Level of Acidity in the Stomach: Drugs such as ketoconazole and itraconazole should be administered at least 2 hours prior to dosing with VIDEX.	itraconazole	VIDEX	advise
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Antacids: Concomitant administration of antacids containing magnesium or aluminum with VIDEX Chewable/Dispersible Buffered Tablets or Pediatric Powder for Oral Solution may potentiate adverse events associated with the antacid components.	antacids	VIDEX	effect
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Quinolone Antibiotics: VIDEX should be administered at least 2 hours after or 6 hours before dosing with ciprofloxacin because plasma concentrations of ciprofloxacin are decreased when administered with antacids containing magnesium, calcium, or aluminum.	VIDEX	ciprofloxacin	advise
Didanosine_ddi.xml	In a single subject given one dose of ciprofloxacin 2 hours after a dose of didanosine-placebo tablets, a greater than 50% reduction in the AUC of ciprofloxacin was observed.	ciprofloxacin	didanosine	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	A 21 (17)% decrease in the steady-state AUC of ganciclovir was observed when VIDEX was administered 2 hours prior to ganciclovir, but not when the two drugs were administered simultaneously (n = 12).	VIDEX	ganciclovir	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	To avoid this interaction, delavirdine or indinavir should be given 1 hour prior to dosing with VIDEX.	delavirdine	VIDEX	advise
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Plasma concentrations of quinolone antibiotics are decreased when administered with antacids containing magnesium, calcium, or aluminum.	quinolone antibiotics	magnesium	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Drugs Whose Absorption Can Be Affected by the Level of Acidity in the Stomach: Drugs such as ketoconazole and itraconazole should be administered at least 2 hours prior to dosing with VIDEX.	ketoconazole	VIDEX	advise
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Allopurinol: The AUC of didanosine was increased about 4-fold when allopurinol at 300 mg/day was coadministered with a single 200-mg dose of VIDEX to two patients with renal impairment (CLcr=15 and 18 mL/min).	allopurinol	VIDEX	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Antacids: Concomitant administration of antacids containing magnesium or aluminum with VIDEX Chewable/Dispersible Buffered Tablets or Pediatric Powder for Oral Solution may potentiate adverse events associated with the antacid components.	magnesium	VIDEX	effect
Didanosine_ddi.xml	In eight HIV-infected patients, the steady-state AUC of ciprofloxacin was decreased an average of 26% (95% CI = 14%, 37%) when ciprofloxacin was administered 2 hours prior to a marketed chewable/dispersible tablet formulation of VIDEX.	ciprofloxacin	VIDEX	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Quinolone Antibiotics: VIDEX should be administered at least 2 hours after or 6 hours before dosing with ciprofloxacin because plasma concentrations of ciprofloxacin are decreased when administered with antacids containing magnesium, calcium, or aluminum.	ciprofloxacin	aluminum	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Quinolone Antibiotics: VIDEX should be administered at least 2 hours after or 6 hours before dosing with ciprofloxacin because plasma concentrations of ciprofloxacin are decreased when administered with antacids containing magnesium, calcium, or aluminum.	ciprofloxacin	magnesium	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other Antiretroviral Drugs: Significant decreases in the AUC of delavirdine (20%) and indinavir (84%) occurred following simultaneous administration of these agents with VIDEX.	indinavir	VIDEX	mechanism
Didanosine_ddi.xml	Plasma concentrations of quinolone antibiotics are decreased when administered with antacids containing magnesium, calcium, or aluminum.	quinolone antibiotics	aluminum	mechanism
Diethylpropion_ddi.xml	conversely, diethylpropion may interfere with antihypertensive drugs (i.e., guanethidine, a-methyldopa).	diethylpropion	antihypertensive drugs	int
Diethylpropion_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of phenothiazines may antagonize the anorectic effect of diethylpropion.	phenothiazines	diethylpropion	effect
Diethylpropion_ddi.xml	conversely, diethylpropion may interfere with antihypertensive drugs (i.e., guanethidine, a-methyldopa).	diethylpropion	guanethidine	int
Diethylpropion_ddi.xml	conversely, diethylpropion may interfere with antihypertensive drugs (i.e., guanethidine, a-methyldopa).	diethylpropion	a-methyldopa	int
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of diflunisal tablets and other NSAIDs is not recommended due to the increased possibility of gastrointestinal toxicity, with little or no increase in efficacy.	diflunisal	NSAIDs	effect
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Acetaminophen: In normal volunteers, concomitant administration of diflunisal and acetaminophen resulted in an approximate 50% increase in plasma levels of acetaminophen.	diflunisal	acetaminophen	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Naproxen: The concomitant administration of diflunisal and naproxen in normal volunteers had no effect on the plasma levels of naproxen, but significantly decreased the urinary excretion of naproxen and its glucuronide metabolite.	diflunisal	naproxen	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs have been reported to decrease the tubular secretion of methotrexate and to potentiate its toxicity.	Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	methotrexate	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Oral Anticoagulants: In some normal volunteers, the concomitant administration of diflunisal and warfarin, acenocoumarol, or phenprocoumon resulted in prolongation of prothrombin time.	diflunisal	acenocoumarol	effect
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of diflunisal and acetaminophen in dogs, but not in rats, at approximately 2 times the recommended maximum human therapeutic dose of each (40 to 52 mg/kg/day of diflunisal/acetaminophen) resulted in greater gastrointestinal toxicity than when either drug was administered alone.	diflunisal	acetaminophen	effect
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Sulindac: The concomitant administration of diflunisal and sulindac in normal volunteers resulted in lowering of the plasma levels of the active sulindac sulfide metabolite by approximately one-third.	diflunisal	sulindac	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	This may occur because diflunisal competitively displaces coumarins from protein binding sites.	diflunisal	coumarins	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs: The administration of diflunisal to normal volunteers receiving indomethacin decreased the renal clearance and significantly increased the plasma levels of indomethacin.	diflunisal	indomethacin	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Administration of nonsteroial anti-inflammatory drugs concomitantly with cyclosporine has been associated with an increase in cyclosporine-induced toxicity, possibly due to decreased synthesis of renal prostacyclin.	nonsteroial anti-inflammatory drugs	cyclosporine	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Diflunisal decreased the hyperuricemic effect of furosemide.	Diflunisal	furosemide	effect
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	NSAIDs should be used with caution in patients taking cyclosporine, and renal function should be carefully monitored.	NSAIDs	cyclosporine	advise
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Hydrochlorothiazide: In normal volunteers, concomitant administration of diflunisal and hydrochlorothiazide resulted in significantly increased plasma levels of hydrochlorothiazide.	diflunisal	hydrochlorothiazide	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Aspirin: In normal volunteers, a small decrease in diflunisal levels was observed when multiple doses of diflunisal and aspirin were administered concomitantly.	diflunisal	aspirin	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Since acetaminophen in high doses has been associated with hepatotoxicity, concomitant administration of diflunisal and acetaminophen should be used cautiously, with careful monitoring of patients.	diflunisal	acetaminophen	advise
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	In some patients the combined use of indomethacin and diflunisal has been associated with fatal gastrointestinal hemorrhage.	indomethacin	diflunisal	effect
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Antacids: Concomitant administration of antacids may reduce plasma levels of diflunisal.	antacids	diflunisal	mechanism
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Accordingly, when diflunisal is administered with oral anticoagulants, the prothrombin time should be closely monitored during and for several days after concomitant drug administration.	diflunisal	anticoagulants	advise
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Diflunisal decreased the hyperuricemic effect of hydrochlorothiazide.	Diflunisal	hydrochlorothiazide	effect
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Oral Anticoagulants: In some normal volunteers, the concomitant administration of diflunisal and warfarin, acenocoumarol, or phenprocoumon resulted in prolongation of prothrombin time.	diflunisal	phenprocoumon	effect
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: Caution should be used if diflunisal is administered concomitantly with methotrexate.	diflunisal	methotrexate	advise
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Therefore, indomethacin and diflunisal should not be used concomitantly.	indomethacin	diflunisal	advise
Diflunisal_ddi.xml	Oral Anticoagulants: In some normal volunteers, the concomitant administration of diflunisal and warfarin, acenocoumarol, or phenprocoumon resulted in prolongation of prothrombin time.	diflunisal	warfarin	effect
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	propafenone	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin and clarithromycin (and possibly other macrolide antibiotics) and tetracycline may increase digoxin absorption in patients who inactivate digoxin by bacterial metabolism in the lower intestine, so that digitalis intoxication may result.	macrolide antibiotics	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Although beta-adrenergic blockers or calcium channel blockers and digoxin may be useful in combination to control atrial fibrillation, their additive effects on AV node conduction can result in advanced or complete heart block.	calcium channel blockers	digoxin	effect
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	Quinidine	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of digoxin and sympathomimetics increases the risk of cardiac arrhythmias.	digoxin	sympathomimetics	effect
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	spironolactone	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin and clarithromycin (and possibly other macrolide antibiotics) and tetracycline may increase digoxin absorption in patients who inactivate digoxin by bacterial metabolism in the lower intestine, so that digitalis intoxication may result.	tetracycline	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Antacids, kaolin-pectin, sulfasalazine, neomycin, cholestyramine, certain anticancer drugs, and metoclopramide may interfere with intestinal digoxin absorption, resulting in unexpectedly low serum concentrations.	neomycin	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Antacids, kaolin-pectin, sulfasalazine, neomycin, cholestyramine, certain anticancer drugs, and metoclopramide may interfere with intestinal digoxin absorption, resulting in unexpectedly low serum concentrations.	cholestyramine	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Rifampin may decrease serum digoxin concentration, especially in patients with renal dysfunction, by increasing the non-renal clearance of digoxin.	Rifampin	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Propantheline and diphenoxylate, by decreasing gut motility, may increase digoxin absorption.	Propantheline	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Antacids, kaolin-pectin, sulfasalazine, neomycin, cholestyramine, certain anticancer drugs, and metoclopramide may interfere with intestinal digoxin absorption, resulting in unexpectedly low serum concentrations.	kaolin	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	itraconazole	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Antacids, kaolin-pectin, sulfasalazine, neomycin, cholestyramine, certain anticancer drugs, and metoclopramide may interfere with intestinal digoxin absorption, resulting in unexpectedly low serum concentrations.	sulfasalazine	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin and clarithromycin (and possibly other macrolide antibiotics) and tetracycline may increase digoxin absorption in patients who inactivate digoxin by bacterial metabolism in the lower intestine, so that digitalis intoxication may result.	Erythromycin	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Potassium-depleting diuretics are a major contributing factor to digitalis toxicity.	Potassium-depleting diuretics	digitalis	effect
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	amiodarone	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Although beta-adrenergic blockers or calcium channel blockers and digoxin may be useful in combination to control atrial fibrillation, their additive effects on AV node conduction can result in advanced or complete heart block.	beta-adrenergic blockers	digoxin	effect
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Propantheline and diphenoxylate, by decreasing gut motility, may increase digoxin absorption.	diphenoxylate	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	indomethacin	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Antacids, kaolin-pectin, sulfasalazine, neomycin, cholestyramine, certain anticancer drugs, and metoclopramide may interfere with intestinal digoxin absorption, resulting in unexpectedly low serum concentrations.	metoclopramide	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	verapamil	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Thyroid administration to a digitalized, hypothyroid patient may increase the dose requirement of digoxin.	Thyroid	digoxin	advise
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Quinidine, verapamil, amiodarone, propafenone, indomethacin, itraconazole, alprazolam, and spironolactone raise the serum digoxin concentration due to a reduction in clearance and/or in volume of distribution of the drug, with the implication that digitalis intoxication may result.	alprazolam	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin and clarithromycin (and possibly other macrolide antibiotics) and tetracycline may increase digoxin absorption in patients who inactivate digoxin by bacterial metabolism in the lower intestine, so that digitalis intoxication may result.	clarithromycin	digoxin	mechanism
Digoxin_ddi.xml	Antacids, kaolin-pectin, sulfasalazine, neomycin, cholestyramine, certain anticancer drugs, and metoclopramide may interfere with intestinal digoxin absorption, resulting in unexpectedly low serum concentrations.	Antacids	digoxin	mechanism
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Beta Blockers: Although the results of a clinical study did not indicate a safe problem associated with the administration of D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP to subjects already receiving propranolol, there have been reports that propranolol may potentiate the vasoconstrictive action of ergotamine by blocking the vasodilating property of epinephrine.	propranolol	ergotamine	effect
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Vasospastic reactions have been reported with therapeutic doses of ergotamine-containing drugs when co-administered with these antibiotics.	ergotamine	antibiotics	effect
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Sumatriptan and D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP should not be taken within 24 hours of each other..	Sumatriptan	D.H.E. 45	advise
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Macrolide Antibiotics (e. g. erythromycin and troleandomycin): Agents of the ergot alkaloid class, of which D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP is a member, have been shown to interact with antibiotics of the macrolide class, resulting in increased plasma levels of unchanged alkaloids and peripheral vasoconstriction.	D.H.E. 45	macrolide class	mechanism
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Vasoconstrictors: D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP should not be used with peripheral vasoconstrictors because the combination may cause synergistic elevation of blood pressure.	dihydroergotamine mesylate	peripheral vasoconstrictors	effect
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Sumatriptan: Sumatriptan has been reported to cause coronary artery vasospasm, and its effect could be additive with D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP.	Sumatriptan	dihydroergotamine mesylate	effect
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Macrolide Antibiotics (e. g. erythromycin and troleandomycin): Agents of the ergot alkaloid class, of which D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP is a member, have been shown to interact with antibiotics of the macrolide class, resulting in increased plasma levels of unchanged alkaloids and peripheral vasoconstriction.	dihydroergotamine mesylate	macrolide class	mechanism
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Sumatriptan and D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP should not be taken within 24 hours of each other..	Sumatriptan	dihydroergotamine mesylate	advise
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Nicotine: Nicotine may provoke vasoconstriction in some patients, predisposing to a greater ischemic response to ergot therapy.	Nicotine	ergot	effect
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	SSRIs: Weakness hyperreflexia, and incoordination have been reported rarely when 5-HT1 agonists have been co-administered with SSRIs (e. g.	5-HT1 agonists	SSRIs	effect
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Sumatriptan: Sumatriptan has been reported to cause coronary artery vasospasm, and its effect could be additive with D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP.	Sumatriptan	D.H.E. 45	effect
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Macrolide Antibiotics (e. g. erythromycin and troleandomycin): Agents of the ergot alkaloid class, of which D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP is a member, have been shown to interact with antibiotics of the macrolide class, resulting in increased plasma levels of unchanged alkaloids and peripheral vasoconstriction.	ergot alkaloid class	macrolide class	mechanism
Dihydroergotamine_ddi.xml	Vasoconstrictors: D.H.E. 45  (dihydroergotamine mesylate) Injection, USP should not be used with peripheral vasoconstrictors because the combination may cause synergistic elevation of blood pressure.	D.H.E. 45	peripheral vasoconstrictors	effect
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	If these agents are to be administered concurrently, cyclosporine concentrations should be monitored, especially when diltiazem therapy is initiated, adjusted, or discontinued.	cyclosporine	diltiazem	advise
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	A study in six healthy volunteers has shown a significant increase in peak diltiazem plasma levels (58%) and AUC (53%) after a 1-week course of cimetidine 1200 mg/day and a single dose of diltiazem 60mg.	cimetidine	diltiazem	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	In a ten-subject study, coadministration of diltiazem (120 mg bid) with lovastatin resulted in a 3-4 times increase in mean lovastatin AUC and Cmax vs. lovastatin alone;	diltiazem	lovastatin	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	The elimination half life of midazolam and triazolam also increased (1.5-2.5 fold) during coadministration with diltiazem.	triazolam	diltiazem	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Pharmacologic studies indicate that there may be additive effects in prolonging AV conduction when using beta-blockers or digitalis concomitantly with Tiazac.	beta-blockers	Tiazac	effect
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Since there have been conflicting results regarding the effect of digoxin levels, it is recommended that digoxin levels be monitored when initiating, adjusting, and discontinuing diltiazem hydrochloride therapy to avoid possible over- or under-digitalization.	digoxin	diltiazem hydrochloride	advise
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Administration of diltiazem hydrochloride with digoxin in 24 healthy male subjects increased plasma digoxin concentrations approximately 20%.	diltiazem hydrochloride	digoxin	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Coadministration of rifampin with diltiazem lowered the diltiazem plasma concentrations to undetectable levels.	rifampin	diltiazem	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Studies showed that diltiazem increased the AUC of midazolam and triazolam by 3-4 fold and the Cmax by 2-fold, compared to placebo.	diltiazem	triazolam	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	A pharmacokinetic interaction between diltiazem and cyclosporine has been observed during studies involving renal and cardiac transplant patients.	diltiazem	cyclosporine	int
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Pharmacologic studies indicate that there may be additive effects in prolonging AV conduction when using beta-blockers or digitalis concomitantly with Tiazac.	digitalis	Tiazac	effect
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	In vitro, propranolol appears to be displaced from its binding sites by diltiazem.	propranolol	diltiazem	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	The elimination half life of midazolam and triazolam also increased (1.5-2.5 fold) during coadministration with diltiazem.	midazolam	diltiazem	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of diltiazem with carbamazepine has been reported to result in elevated serum levels of carbamazepine (40% to 72% increase), resulting in toxicity in some cases.	diltiazem	carbamazepine	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	The effect may be mediated by cimetidines known inhibition of hepatic cytochrome P-450, the enzyme system responsible for the first-pass metabolism of diltiazem.	cimetidine	diltiazem	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	The depression of cardiac contractility, conductivity, and automaticity as well as the vascular dilation associated with anesthetics may be potentiated by calcium channel blockers.	anesthetics	calcium channel blockers	effect
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	In renal and cardiac transplant recipients, a reduction of cyclosporine dose ranging from 15% to 48% was necessary to maintain cyclosporine trough concentrations similar to those seen prior to the addition of diltiazem.	cyclosporine	diltiazem	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	These pharmacokinetic effects seen during diltiazem coadministration can result in increased clinical effects (e.g., prolonged sodation)of both midazolam and triazolam.	diltiazem	midazolam	effect
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Studies showed that diltiazem increased the AUC of midazolam and triazolam by 3-4 fold and the Cmax by 2-fold, compared to placebo.	diltiazem	midazolam	mechanism
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Patients currently receiving diltiazem therapy should be carefully monitored for a change in pharmacological effect when initiating and discontinuing therapy with cimetidine.	diltiazem	cimetidine	advise
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	When used concomitantly, anesthetics and calcium channel blockers should be titrated carefully.	anesthetics	calcium channel blockers	advise
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	These pharmacokinetic effects seen during diltiazem coadministration can result in increased clinical effects (e.g., prolonged sodation)of both midazolam and triazolam.	diltiazem	triazolam	effect
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Coadministration of diltiazem with rifampin or any known CYP3A4 inducer should be avoided when possible, and alternative therapy considered.	diltiazem	rifampin	advise
Diltiazem_ddi.xml	Administration of diltiazem hydrochloride concomitantly with propranolol in five normal volunteers resulted in increased propranolol levels in all subjects and bioavailability of propranolol was increased approximately 50%.	diltiazem hydrochloride	propranolol	mechanism
Dinoprost Tromethamine_ddi.xml	Oxytocin or other oxytocics (concurrent use with dinoprost may result in uterine hypertonus, possibly causing uterine rupture or cervical laceration, especially in the absence of adequate cervical dilatation;	Oxytocin	dinoprost	effect
Dinoprost Tromethamine_ddi.xml	Oxytocin or other oxytocics (concurrent use with dinoprost may result in uterine hypertonus, possibly causing uterine rupture or cervical laceration, especially in the absence of adequate cervical dilatation;	oxytocics	dinoprost	effect
Dinoprostone_ddi.xml	PROSTIN E2 may augment the activity of other oxytocic drugs.	PROSTIN E2	oxytocic drugs	effect
Diphenhydramine_ddi.xml	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride has additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants (hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, etc).	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride	CNS depressants	effect
Diphenhydramine_ddi.xml	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride has additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants (hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, etc).	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride	hypnotics	effect
Diphenhydramine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors prolong and intensify the anticholinergic (drying) effects of antihistamines.	MAO inhibitors	antihistamines	effect
Diphenhydramine_ddi.xml	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride has additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants (hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, etc).	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride	alcohol	effect
Diphenhydramine_ddi.xml	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride has additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants (hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, etc).	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride	sedatives	effect
Diphenhydramine_ddi.xml	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride has additive effects with alcohol and other CNS depressants (hypnotics, sedatives, tranquilizers, etc).	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride	tranquilizers	effect
Diphenidol_ddi.xml	apomorphine - prior ingestion of diphenidol may decrease the emetic response to apomorphine in the treatment of poisoning.	diphenidol	apomorphine	effect
Diphenoxylate_ddi.xml	Diphenoxylate HCl and atropine sulfate may interact with MAO inhibitors In studies with male rats, diphenoxylate hydrochloride was found to inhibit the hepatic microsomal enzyme system at a dose of 2 mg/kg/day.	atropine sulfate	MAO inhibitors	int
Diphenoxylate_ddi.xml	Diphenoxylate HCl and atropine sulfate may interact with MAO inhibitors In studies with male rats, diphenoxylate hydrochloride was found to inhibit the hepatic microsomal enzyme system at a dose of 2 mg/kg/day.	Diphenoxylate HCl	MAO inhibitors	int
Dipyridamole_ddi.xml	Cholinesterase Inhibitors: Dipyridamole may counteract the anticholinesterase effect of cholinesterase inhibitors, thereby potentially aggravating myasthenia gravis.	Dipyridamole	cholinesterase inhibitors	effect
Dipyridamole_ddi.xml	Adenosine: Dipyridamole has been reported to increase the plasma levels and cardiovascular effects of adenosine.	Dipyridamole	adenosine	mechanism
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Anticoagulants: There have been reports of increased anticoagulant effects when erythromycin and oral anticoagulants were used concomitantly.	erythromycin	anticoagulants	effect
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Ergotamine: Concurrent use of erythromycin and ergotamine or dihydroergotamine has been associated in some patients with acute ergot toxicity characterized by severe peripheral vasospasm and dysesthesia.	erythromycin	dihydroergotamine	effect
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Triazolam: Erythromycin has been reported to decrease the clearance of triazolam and, thus, may increase the pharmacologic effect of triazolam.	Erythromycin	triazolam	effect
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	lovastatin	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Thus, the interaction observed between erythromycin and terfenadine is not expected for dirithromycin.	erythromycin	terfenadine	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Antacids or H 2 receptor antagonists: When dirithromycin is administered immediately following antacids or H 2 -receptor antagonists, the absorption of dirithromycin is slightly enhanced.	dirithromycin	antacids	mechanism
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	The mean QT c interval (msec) was 369 with terfenadine alone and 367 with terfenadine plus dirithromycin.	terfenadine	dirithromycin	effect
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	cyclosporine	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	in one man, the C max of terfenadine was 8.1 ng/mL with terfenadine alone and 7.2 ng/mL with terfenadine plus dirithromycin.	terfenadine	dirithromycin	mechanism
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	In addition, most macrolides are contraindicated in patients receiving terfenadine therapy who have pre-existing cardiac abnormalities (arrhythmia, bradycardia, QT c interval prolongation, ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure, etc.) or electrolyte disturbances.	macrolides	terfenadine	advise
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	valproate	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Serious cardiac dysrhythmias, some resulting in death, have occurred in patients receiving terfenadine concomitantly with other macrolide antibiotics.	terfenadine	macrolide antibiotics	effect
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	carbamazepine	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Digoxin: Concomitant administration of erythromycin and digoxin has been reported to result in elevated digoxin serum levels.	erythromycin	digoxin	mechanism
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	bromocriptine	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Triazolam: Erythromycin has been reported to decrease the clearance of triazolam and, thus, may increase the pharmacologic effect of triazolam.	Erythromycin	triazolam	mechanism
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	disopyramide	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	hexobarbital	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Antacids or H 2 receptor antagonists: When dirithromycin is administered immediately following antacids or H 2 -receptor antagonists, the absorption of dirithromycin is slightly enhanced.	dirithromycin	H 2 -receptor antagonists	mechanism
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	phenytoin	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	alfentanil	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Other drugs Drug interactions have been reported with concomitant administration of erythromycin and other medications, including cyclosporine, hexobarbital, carbamazepine, alfentanil, disopyramide, phenytoin, bromocriptine, valproate, astemizole, and lovastatin.	erythromycin	astemizole	int
Dirithromycin_ddi.xml	Ergotamine: Concurrent use of erythromycin and ergotamine or dihydroergotamine has been associated in some patients with acute ergot toxicity characterized by severe peripheral vasospasm and dysesthesia.	erythromycin	ergotamine	effect
Disopyramide_ddi.xml	Until data on possible interactions between verapamil and disopyramide phosphate are obtained, disopyramide should not be administered within 48 hours before or 24 hours after verapamil administration.	disopyramide	verapamil	advise
Disopyramide_ddi.xml	If phenytoin or other hepatic enzyme inducers are taken concurrently with Norpace or Norpace CR, lower plasma levels of disopyramide may occur.	phenytoin	Norpace CR	mechanism
Disopyramide_ddi.xml	Patients taking disopyramide phosphate and erythromycin concomitantly may develop increased serum concentrations of disopyramide resulting in excessive widening of the QRS complex and/or prolongation of the Q-T interval.	disopyramide phosphate	erythromycin	mechanism
Disopyramide_ddi.xml	If phenytoin or other hepatic enzyme inducers are taken concurrently with Norpace or Norpace CR, lower plasma levels of disopyramide may occur.	phenytoin	Norpace	mechanism
Disopyramide_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of Norpace and quinidine resulted in slight increases in plasma disopyramide levels and slight decreases in plasma quinidine levels.	Norpace	quinidine	mechanism
Disulfiram_ddi.xml	It may be necessary to adjust the dosage of oral anticoagulants upon beginning or stopping disulfiram. since disulfiram may prolong prothrombin time.	anticoagulants	disulfiram	advise
Disulfiram_ddi.xml	Patients taking isoniazid when disulfiram is given should be observed for the appearance of unsteady gait or marked changes in mental status;	isoniazid	disulfiram	advise
Disulfiram_ddi.xml	DISULFIRAM SHOULD BE USED WITH CAUTION IN THOSE PATIENTS REVEIVING PHENYTOIN AND ITS CONGENERS.	DISULFIRAM	PHENYTOIN	advise
Disulfiram_ddi.xml	In rats, simultaneous ingestion of disulfiram and nitrite in the diet for 78 weeks has been reported to cause tumors, and it has been suggested that disulfiram may react with nitrites in the rat stomach to form a nitrosamine, which is tumorigenic.	disulfiram	nitrites	effect
Disulfiram_ddi.xml	In rats, simultaneous ingestion of disulfiram and nitrite in the diet for 78 weeks has been reported to cause tumors, and it has been suggested that disulfiram may react with nitrites in the rat stomach to form a nitrosamine, which is tumorigenic.	disulfiram	nitrite	effect
Disulfiram_ddi.xml	SINCE THE CONCOMITANT ADMINISTRATION OF THESE TWO DRUGS CAN LEAD TO PHENYTOIN INTOXICATION, PRIOR TO ADMINISTERING DISULFIRAM TO A PATIENT ON PHENYTOIN THERAPY, A BASELINE PHENYTOIN SERUM LEVEL SHOULD BE OBTAINED.	DISULFIRAM	PHENYTOIN	effect
Dobutamine_ddi.xml	Preliminary studies indicate that the concomitant use of dobutamine and nitroprusside results in a higher cardiac output and, usually, a lower pulmonary wedge pressure than when either drug is used alone.	dobutamine	nitroprusside	effect
Dobutamine_ddi.xml	Animal studies indicate that dobutamine may be ineffective if the patient has recently received a b-blocking drug.	dobutamine	b-blocking drug	effect
Docetaxel_ddi.xml	In vitro studies have shown that the metabolism of docetaxel may be modified by the concomitant administration of compounds that induce, inhibit, or are metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4, such as cyclosporine, terfenadine, ketoconazole, erythromycin, and troleandomycin.	docetaxel	terfenadine	mechanism
Docetaxel_ddi.xml	In vitro studies have shown that the metabolism of docetaxel may be modified by the concomitant administration of compounds that induce, inhibit, or are metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4, such as cyclosporine, terfenadine, ketoconazole, erythromycin, and troleandomycin.	docetaxel	ketoconazole	mechanism
Docetaxel_ddi.xml	In vitro studies have shown that the metabolism of docetaxel may be modified by the concomitant administration of compounds that induce, inhibit, or are metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4, such as cyclosporine, terfenadine, ketoconazole, erythromycin, and troleandomycin.	docetaxel	cyclosporine	mechanism
Docetaxel_ddi.xml	In vitro studies have shown that the metabolism of docetaxel may be modified by the concomitant administration of compounds that induce, inhibit, or are metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4, such as cyclosporine, terfenadine, ketoconazole, erythromycin, and troleandomycin.	docetaxel	erythromycin	mechanism
Docetaxel_ddi.xml	In vitro studies have shown that the metabolism of docetaxel may be modified by the concomitant administration of compounds that induce, inhibit, or are metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4, such as cyclosporine, terfenadine, ketoconazole, erythromycin, and troleandomycin.	docetaxel	troleandomycin	mechanism
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	norfloxacin	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Cimetidine at 400 mg BID (the usual prescription dose) co-administered with TIKOSYN (500 mcg BID) for 7 days has been shown to increase dofetilide plasma levels by 58%.	Cimetidine	TIKOSYN	mechanism
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	diltiazem	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	amiodarone	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	In an analysis of the supraventricular arrhythmia and DIAMOND patient populations, the concomitant administration of verapamil with dofetilide was associated with a higher occurrence of torsade de pointes.	verapamil	dofetilide	effect
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	serotonin reuptake inhibitors	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	quinine	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	In addition, drugs that are actively secreted via this route (e.g., triamterene, metformin and amiloride) should be co-administered with care as they might increase dofetilide levels.	amiloride	dofetilide	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	The mean clearances of dofetilide were 16% and 15% lower in patients on thiazide diuretics and inhibitors of tubular organic cation transport, respectively.	dofetilide	thiazide diuretics	mechanism
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	zafirlukast	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	nefazadone	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	azole antifungal agents	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	cannabinoids	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	macrolide antibiotics	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Co-administration of TIKOSYN with verapamil resulted in increases in dofetilide peak plasma levels of 42%, although overall exposure to dofetilide was not significantly increased.	TIKOSYN	verapamil	mechanism
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	In patients, the concomitant administration of digoxin with dofetilide was associated with a higher occurrence of torsade de pointes.	digoxin	dofetilide	effect
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	In patients receiving HCTZ alone, dofetilide AUC increased by 27% and Cmax by 21%.	HCTZ	dofetilide	mechanism
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole at 400 mg daily (the maximum approved prescription dose) co-administered with TIKOSYN (500 mcg BID) for 7 days has been shown to increase dofetilide Cmax by 53% in males and 97% in females, and AUC by 41% in males and 69% in females.	Ketoconazole	TIKOSYN	mechanism
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	If a patient requires TIKOSYN and anti-ulcer therapy, it is suggested that omeprazole, ranitidine, or antacids (aluminum and magnesium hydroxides) be used as alternatives to cimetidine, as these agents have no effect on the pharmacokinetic profile of TIKOSYN.	TIKOSYN	cimetidine	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	In addition, drugs that are actively secreted via this route (e.g., triamterene, metformin and amiloride) should be co-administered with care as they might increase dofetilide levels.	triamterene	dofetilide	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of this isoenzyme (e.g., macrolide antibiotics, azole antifungal agents, protease inhibitors, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, amiodarone, cannabinoids, diltiazem, grapefruit juice, nefazadone, norfloxacin, quinine, zafirlukast) should be cautiously coadministered with TIKOSYN as they can potentially increase dofetilide levels.	protease inhibitors	TIKOSYN	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	In addition, drugs that are actively secreted via this route (e.g., triamterene, metformin and amiloride) should be co-administered with care as they might increase dofetilide levels.	metformin	dofetilide	advise
Dofetilide_ddi.xml	Cimetidine at doses of 100 mg BID (OTC dose) resulted in a 13% increase in dofetilide plasma levels (500 mcg single dose).	Cimetidine	dofetilide	mechanism
Dolasetron_ddi.xml	Clearance of hydrodolasetron decreased by about 27% when dolasetron mesylate was administered intravenously concomitantly with atenolol.	dolasetron mesylate	atenolol	mechanism
Dolasetron_ddi.xml	Blood levels of hydrodolasetron increased 24% when dolasetron was coadministered with cimetidine (nonselective inhibitor of cytochrome P-450) for 7 days, and decreased 28% with coadministration of rifampin (potent inducer of cytochrome P-450) for 7 days.	dolasetron	rifampin	mechanism
Dolasetron_ddi.xml	Blood levels of hydrodolasetron increased 24% when dolasetron was coadministered with cimetidine (nonselective inhibitor of cytochrome P-450) for 7 days, and decreased 28% with coadministration of rifampin (potent inducer of cytochrome P-450) for 7 days.	dolasetron	cimetidine	mechanism
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Patients who have been treated with MAO inhibitors within two to three weeks prior to the administration of dopamine HCl should receive initial doses of dopamine HCl no greater than one-tenth (1/10) of the usual dose.	MAO inhibitors	dopamine HCl	advise
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics increase cardiac autonomic irritability and may sensitize the myocardium to the action of certain intravenously administered catecholamines, such as dopamine.	Cyclopropane	catecholamines	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Butyrophenones (such as haloperidol) and phenothiazines can suppress the dopaminergic renal and mesenteric vasodilation induced with low dose dopamine infusion.	phenothiazines	dopamine	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Butyrophenones (such as haloperidol) and phenothiazines can suppress the dopaminergic renal and mesenteric vasodilation induced with low dose dopamine infusion.	Butyrophenones	dopamine	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of vasopressors, vasoconstricting agents (such as ergonovine) and some oxytocic drugs may result in severe hypertension.	ergonovine	oxytocic drugs	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Cardiac effects of dopamine are antagonized by beta-adrenergic blocking agents, such as propranolol and metoprolol.	dopamine	metoprolol	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	It is suggested that in patients receiving dopamine HCl, alternatives to phenytoin should be used if anticonvulsant therapy is needed.	dopamine HCl	phenytoin	advise
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Cardiac effects of dopamine are antagonized by beta-adrenergic blocking agents, such as propranolol and metoprolol.	dopamine	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics increase cardiac autonomic irritability and may sensitize the myocardium to the action of certain intravenously administered catecholamines, such as dopamine.	halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics	dopamine	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Butyrophenones (such as haloperidol) and phenothiazines can suppress the dopaminergic renal and mesenteric vasodilation induced with low dose dopamine infusion.	haloperidol	dopamine	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of vasopressors, vasoconstricting agents (such as ergonovine) and some oxytocic drugs may result in severe hypertension.	vasopressor	oxytocic drugs	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics increase cardiac autonomic irritability and may sensitize the myocardium to the action of certain intravenously administered catecholamines, such as dopamine.	Cyclopropane	dopamine	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Therefore, EXTREME CAUTION should be exercised when administering dopamine HCl to patients receiving cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics.	dopamine HCl	cyclopropane	advise
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Therefore, EXTREME CAUTION should be exercised when administering dopamine HCl to patients receiving cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics.	dopamine HCl	halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics	advise
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Administration of phenytoin to patients receiving dopamine HCl has been reported to lead to hypotension and bradycardia.	phenytoin	dopamine HCl	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	The peripheral vasoconstriction caused by high doses of dopamine HCl is antagonized by alpha-adrenergic blocking agents.	dopamine HCl	alpha-adrenergic blocking agents	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics increase cardiac autonomic irritability and may sensitize the myocardium to the action of certain intravenously administered catecholamines, such as dopamine.	halogenated hydrocarbon anesthetics	catecholamines	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Cardiac effects of dopamine are antagonized by beta-adrenergic blocking agents, such as propranolol and metoprolol.	dopamine	propranolol	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	It has been reported that results of studies in animals indicate that dopamine-induced ventricular arrhythmias during anesthesia can be reversed by propranolol.	dopamine	propranolol	effect
Dopamine_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of low-dose dopamine HCl and diuretic agents may produce an additive or potentiating effect on urine flow.	dopamine HCl	diuretic agents	effect
Dorzolamide_ddi.xml	Although acid-base and electrolyte disturbances were not reported in the clinical trials with dorzolamide, these disturbances have been reported with oral carbonic anhydrase inhibitors and have, in some instances, resulted in drug interactions (e.g., toxicity associated with high-dose salicylate therapy).	dorzolamide	carbonic anhydrase inhibitors	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	bacitracin	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	As with some other nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents, the time of onset of neuromuscular block induced by NUROMAX is lengthened and the duration of block is shortened in patients receiving phenytoin or carbamazepine.	NUROMAX	phenytoin	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	aminoglycosides	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	anesthetics	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	magnesium	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	clindamycin	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Isoflurane, enflurane, and halothane decrease the ED50 of NUROMAX by 30% to 45%.	Isoflurane	NUROMAX	mechanism
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	As with some other nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents, the time of onset of neuromuscular block induced by NUROMAX is lengthened and the duration of block is shortened in patients receiving phenytoin or carbamazepine.	nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents	phenytoin	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Isoflurane, enflurane, and halothane decrease the ED50 of NUROMAX by 30% to 45%.	halothane	NUROMAX	mechanism
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	sodium colistimethate	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	tetracyclines	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	As with some other nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents, the time of onset of neuromuscular block induced by NUROMAX is lengthened and the duration of block is shortened in patients receiving phenytoin or carbamazepine.	nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents	carbamazepine	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	polymyxins	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	procainamide	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	lithium	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	As with some other nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents, the time of onset of neuromuscular block induced by NUROMAX is lengthened and the duration of block is shortened in patients receiving phenytoin or carbamazepine.	NUROMAX	carbamazepine	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Isoflurane, enflurane, and halothane decrease the ED50 of NUROMAX by 30% to 45%.	enflurane	NUROMAX	mechanism
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	lincomycin	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	antibiotics	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	quinidine	effect
Doxacurium chloride_ddi.xml	Other drugs which may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of nondepolarizing agents such as NUROMAX include certain antibiotics (e. g., aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, bacitracin, polymyxins, lincomycin, clindamycin, colistin, and sodium colistimethate), magnesium salts, lithium, local anesthetics, procainamide, and quinidine.	NUROMAX	colistin	effect
Doxapram_ddi.xml	Administration of doxapram to patients who are receiving sympathomimetic or monoamine oxidase inhibiting drugs may result in an additive pressor effect .	doxapram	monoamine oxidase inhibiting drugs	effect
Doxapram_ddi.xml	In patients who have received muscle relaxants, doxapram may temporarily mask the residual effects of muscle relaxant drugs.	doxapram	muscle relaxant drugs	effect
Doxapram_ddi.xml	Administration of doxapram to patients who are receiving sympathomimetic or monoamine oxidase inhibiting drugs may result in an additive pressor effect .	doxapram	sympathomimetic	effect
Doxazosin_ddi.xml	In a placebo-controlled trial in normal volunteers, the administration of a single 1 mg dose of doxazosin on day 1 of a four-day regimen of oral cimetidine (400 mg twice daily) resulted in a 10% increase in mean AUC of doxazosin (p=0.006), and a slight but not statistically significant increase in mean Cmax and mean half-life of doxazosin.	doxazosin	cimetidine	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	In patients who have been reported to be well controlled on tricyclic antidepressants receiving concurrent cimetidine therapy, discontinuation of cimetidine has been reported to decrease established steady-state serum tricyclic antidepressant levels and compromise their therapeutic effects.	cimetidine	tricyclic antidepressant	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Inhibitors or substrates of CYP2D6 (i.e., quinidine, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors [SSRIs]) may increase the plasma concentration of doxepin when administered concomitantly.	SSRIs	doxepin	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: Cimetidine has been reported to produce clinically significant fluctuations in steady-state serum concentrations of various tricyclic antidepressants.	Cimetidine	tricyclic antidepressants	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Additionally, higher than expected tricyclic antidepressant levels have been observed when they are begun in patients already taking cimetidine.	tricyclic antidepressant	cimetidine	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Alcohol: It should be borne in mind that alcohol ingestion may increase the danger inherent in any intentional or unintentional SINEQUAN overdosage.	alcohol	SINEQUAN	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Inhibitors or substrates of CYP2D6 (i.e., quinidine, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors [SSRIs]) may increase the plasma concentration of doxepin when administered concomitantly.	quinidine	doxepin	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Therefore, MAO inhibitors should be discontinued at least two weeks prior to the cautious initiation of therapy with SINEQUAN.	MAO inhibitors	SINEQUAN	advise
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, caution is indicated in the co-administration of TCAs with any of the SSRIs and also in switching from one class to the other.	TCAs	SSRIs	advise
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Tolazamide: A case of severe hypoglycemia has been reported in a type II diabetic patient maintained on tolazamide (1 gm/day) 11 days after the addition of doxepin (75 mg/day).	tolazamide	doxepin	effect
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Inhibitors or substrates of CYP2D6 (i.e., quinidine, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors [SSRIs]) may increase the plasma concentration of doxepin when administered concomitantly.	selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors	doxepin	mechanism
Doxepin_ddi.xml	The extent to which SSRI-TCA interactions may pose clinical problems will depend on the degree of inhibition and the pharmacokinetics of the SSRI involved.	SSRI	TCA	int
Doxepin_ddi.xml	Serious anticholinergic symptoms (i.e., severe dry mouth, urinary retention and blurred vision) have been associated with elevations in the serum levels of tricyclic antidepressant when cimetidine therapy is initiated.	tricyclic antidepressant	cimetidine	effect
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of tetracycline and Penthrane (methoxyflurane) has been reported to result in fatal renal toxicity.	tetracycline	methoxyflurane	effect
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Absorption of tetracyclines is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium, and iron-containing preparations.	tetracyclines	calcium	mechanism
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Absorption of tetracyclines is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium, and iron-containing preparations.	tetracyclines	aluminum	mechanism
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Barbiturates, carbamazepine, and phenytoin decrease the half-life of doxycycline.	carbamazepine	doxycycline	mechanism
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Since bacteriostatic drugs may interfere with the bactericidal action of penicillin, it is advisable to avoid giving tetracyclines in conjunction with penicillin.	tetracyclines	penicillin	advise
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Absorption of tetracyclines is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium, and iron-containing preparations.	tetracyclines	iron	mechanism
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of tetracycline may render oral contraceptives less effective.	tetracycline	contraceptives	effect
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Because tetracyclines have been shown to depress plasma prothrombin activity, patients who are on anticoagulant therapy may require downward adjustment of their anticoagulant dosage.	tetracyclines	anticoagulant	advise
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Absorption of tetracycline is impaired by bismuth subsalicylate.	tetracycline	bismuth subsalicylate	mechanism
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Barbiturates, carbamazepine, and phenytoin decrease the half-life of doxycycline.	phenytoin	doxycycline	mechanism
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of tetracycline and Penthrane (methoxyflurane) has been reported to result in fatal renal toxicity.	tetracycline	Penthrane	effect
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Absorption of tetracyclines is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium, and iron-containing preparations.	tetracyclines	magnesium	mechanism
Doxycycline_ddi.xml	Barbiturates, carbamazepine, and phenytoin decrease the half-life of doxycycline.	Barbiturates	doxycycline	mechanism
Doxylamine_ddi.xml	Potential drug interactions for doxylamine include, increased sedation if doxylamine is combined with other CNS depressant drugs.	doxylamine	CNS depressant drugs	effect
Doxylamine_ddi.xml	Doxylamine may enhance the effects of epinephrine.	Doxylamine	epinephrine	effect
Doxylamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may partially counteract the anticoagulation effects of heparin or warfarin.	Antihistamines	heparin	effect
Doxylamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines may partially counteract the anticoagulation effects of heparin or warfarin.	Antihistamines	warfarin	effect
Dromostanolone_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of oxyphenbutazone and androgens may result in elevated serum levels of oxyphenbutazone.	oxyphenbutazone	androgens	mechanism
Dromostanolone_ddi.xml	In diabetic patients, the metabolic effects of androgens may decrease blood glucose and therefore, insulin requirements.	androgens	insulin	effect
Droperidol_ddi.xml	Other CNS depressant drugs (e.g. barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids and general anesthetics) have additive or potentiating effects with INAPSINE.	anesthetics	INAPSINE	effect
Droperidol_ddi.xml	Other CNS depressant drugs (e.g. barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids and general anesthetics) have additive or potentiating effects with INAPSINE.	barbiturates	INAPSINE	effect
Droperidol_ddi.xml	Other CNS depressant drugs (e.g. barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids and general anesthetics) have additive or potentiating effects with INAPSINE.	opioids	INAPSINE	effect
Droperidol_ddi.xml	Following the administration of INAPSINE, the dose of other CNS depressant drugs should be reduced.	INAPSINE	CNS depressant drugs	advise
Droperidol_ddi.xml	Other CNS depressant drugs (e.g. barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids and general anesthetics) have additive or potentiating effects with INAPSINE.	tranquilizers	INAPSINE	effect
Droperidol_ddi.xml	Other CNS depressant drugs (e.g. barbiturates, tranquilizers, opioids and general anesthetics) have additive or potentiating effects with INAPSINE.	CNS depressant drugs	INAPSINE	effect
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	When duloxetine was administered (at a dose of 60 mg BID) in conjunction with a single 50-mg dose of desipramine, a CYP2D6 substrate, the AUC of desipramine increased 3-fold.	duloxetine	desipramine	mechanism
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Inhibitors of CYP1A2: Concomitant use of duloxetine with fluvoxamine, an inhibitor of CYP1A2, results in approximately a 6-fold increase in AUC and about a 2.5-fold increase in Cmax of duloxetine.	duloxetine	fluvoxamine	mechanism
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	Type 1C antiarrhythmics	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	imipramine	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Because of the risk of serious ventricular arrhythmias and sudden death potentially associated with elevated plasma levels of thioridazine, Duloxetine and thioridazine should not be co-administered.	Duloxetine	thioridazine	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	TCAs	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Paroxetine (20 mg QD) increased the concentration of duloxetine (40 mg QD) by about 60%, and greater degrees of inhibition are expected with higher doses of paroxetine.	Paroxetine	duloxetine	mechanism
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	amitriptyline	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	antidepressants	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	propafenone	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	phenothiazines	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	flecainide	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of Duloxetine with other drugs that are extensively metabolized by this isozyme and which have a narrow therapeutic index, including certain antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressants [TCAs], such as nortriptyline, amitriptyline, and imipramine), phenothiazines and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (e.g., propafenone, flecainide), should be approached with caution.	Duloxetine	nortriptyline	advise
Duloxetine_ddi.xml	Plasma TCA concentrations may need to be monitored and the dose of the TCA may need to be reduced if a TCA is co-administered with Duloxetine.	TCA	Duloxetine	advise
Dyphylline_ddi.xml	Synergism between xanthine bronchodilators (e.g., theophylline), ephedrine, and other sympathomimetic bronchodilators has been reported.	ephedrine	sympathomimetic bronchodilators	effect
Dyphylline_ddi.xml	Synergism between xanthine bronchodilators (e.g., theophylline), ephedrine, and other sympathomimetic bronchodilators has been reported.	xanthine bronchodilators	sympathomimetic bronchodilators	effect
Dyphylline_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of dyphylline and probenecid, which competes for tubular secretion, has been shown to increase the plasma half-life of dyphylline .	dyphylline	probenecid	mechanism
Dyphylline_ddi.xml	Synergism between xanthine bronchodilators (e.g., theophylline), ephedrine, and other sympathomimetic bronchodilators has been reported.	theophylline	sympathomimetic bronchodilators	effect
Echothiophate Iodide_ddi.xml	Phospholine Iodide potentiates other cholinesterase inhibitors such as succinylcholine or organophosphate and carbamate insecticides.	Phospholine Iodide	succinylcholine	effect
Echothiophate Iodide_ddi.xml	Phospholine Iodide potentiates other cholinesterase inhibitors such as succinylcholine or organophosphate and carbamate insecticides.	Phospholine Iodide	organophosphate insecticide	effect
Echothiophate Iodide_ddi.xml	Phospholine Iodide potentiates other cholinesterase inhibitors such as succinylcholine or organophosphate and carbamate insecticides.	Phospholine Iodide	cholinesterase inhibitors	effect
Echothiophate Iodide_ddi.xml	Phospholine Iodide potentiates other cholinesterase inhibitors such as succinylcholine or organophosphate and carbamate insecticides.	Phospholine Iodide	carbamate insecticide	effect
Edetic Acid_ddi.xml	Steroids enhance the renal toxicity of edetate calcium disodium in animals. 7 Edetate calcium disodium interferes with the action of zinc insulin preparations by chelating the zinc. 7	Edetate calcium disodium	zinc insulin	mechanism
Edetic Acid_ddi.xml	Steroids enhance the renal toxicity of edetate calcium disodium in animals. 7 Edetate calcium disodium interferes with the action of zinc insulin preparations by chelating the zinc. 7	Steroids	edetate calcium disodium	effect
Efalizumab_ddi.xml	Acellular, live and live-attenuated vaccines should not be administered during RAPTIVA treatment.	live vaccines	RAPTIVA	advise
Efalizumab_ddi.xml	RAPTIVA should not be used with other immunosuppressive drugs.	RAPTIVA	immunosuppressive drugs	advise
Efalizumab_ddi.xml	Acellular, live and live-attenuated vaccines should not be administered during RAPTIVA treatment.	live-attenuated vaccines	RAPTIVA	advise
Efalizumab_ddi.xml	Acellular, live and live-attenuated vaccines should not be administered during RAPTIVA treatment.	Acellular vaccines	RAPTIVA	advise
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	Drugs which induce CYP3A4 activity (eg, phenobarbital, rifampin, rifabutin) would be expected to increase the clearance of efavirenz resulting in lowered plasma concentrations.	rifabutin	efavirenz	mechanism
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	Because the potential interaction of efavirenz with oral contraceptives has not been fully characterized, a reliable method of barrier contraception should be used in addition to oral contraceptives.	efavirenz	contraceptives	advise
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	Monitoring of liver enzymes is recommended when SUSTIVA is used in combination with ritonavir.	SUSTIVA	ritonavir	advise
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	SUSTIVA has the potential to decrease plasma concentrations of itraconazole and ketoconazole.	SUSTIVA	ketoconazole	mechanism
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	Potential for reduction in anticonvulsant and/or efavirenz plasma levels;	anticonvulsant	efavirenz	mechanism
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	In uninfected volunteers, 46% developed rash while receiving SUSTIVA and clarithromycin.	SUSTIVA	clarithromycin	effect
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	A dose increase of lopinavir/ritonavir to 533/133 mg (4 capsules or 6.5 mL) twice daily taken with food is recommended when used in combination with SUSTIVA.	lopinavir	SUSTIVA	advise
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	A dose increase of lopinavir/ritonavir to 533/133 mg (4 capsules or 6.5 mL) twice daily taken with food is recommended when used in combination with SUSTIVA.	ritonavir	SUSTIVA	advise
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	Increasing the indinavir dose to 1000 mg every 8 hours does not compensate for the increased indinavir metabolism due to SUSTIVA.	indinavir	SUSTIVA	mechanism
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	SUSTIVA has the potential to decrease plasma concentrations of itraconazole and ketoconazole.	SUSTIVA	itraconazole	mechanism
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	When indinavir at an increased dose (1000 mg every 8 hours) was given with SUSTIVA (600 mg once daily), the indinavir AUC and Cmin were decreased on average by 33-46% and 39-57%, respectively, compared to when indinavir (800 mg every 8 hours) was given alone.	indinavir	SUSTIVA	mechanism
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	Drugs which induce CYP3A4 activity (eg, phenobarbital, rifampin, rifabutin) would be expected to increase the clearance of efavirenz resulting in lowered plasma concentrations.	rifampin	efavirenz	mechanism
Efavirenz_ddi.xml	Drugs which induce CYP3A4 activity (eg, phenobarbital, rifampin, rifabutin) would be expected to increase the clearance of efavirenz resulting in lowered plasma concentrations.	phenobarbital	efavirenz	mechanism
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Agents Causing Renin Release: The antihypertensive effect of enalapril and enalapril IV is augmented by antihypertensive agents that cause renin release (e.g., diuretics).	enalapril	antihypertensive agents	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Lithium: Lithium toxicity has been reported in patients receiving lithium concomitantly with drugs which cause elimination of sodium, including ACE inhibitors.	lithium	ACE inhibitors	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Hypotension: Patients on Diuretic Therapy: Patients on diuretics and especially those in whom diuretic therapy was recently instituted, may occasionally experience an excessive reduction of blood pressure after initiation of therapy with enalapril or enalaprilat.	diuretics	enalaprilat	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Agents Causing Renin Release: The antihypertensive effect of enalapril and enalapril IV is augmented by antihypertensive agents that cause renin release (e.g., diuretics).	enalapril	diuretics	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	The possibility of hypotensive effects with enalapril or enalaprilat can be minimized by either discontinuing the diuretic or increasing the salt intake prior to initiation of treatment with enalapril or enalaprilat.	enalaprilat	diuretic	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	This interaction should be given consideration in patients taking NSAIDs concomitantly with ACE inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	advise
Enalapril_ddi.xml	However, reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of ACE inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Agents Increasing Serum Potassium: Enalapril and enalapril IV attenuate potassium loss caused by thiazide-type diuretics.	enalapril	thiazide-type diuretics	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Agents Causing Renin Release: The antihypertensive effect of enalapril and enalapril IV is augmented by antihypertensive agents that cause renin release (e.g., diuretics).	enalapril	diuretics	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Hypotension: Patients on Diuretic Therapy: Patients on diuretics and especially those in whom diuretic therapy was recently instituted, may occasionally experience an excessive reduction of blood pressure after initiation of therapy with enalapril or enalaprilat.	diuretics	enalapril	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Agents: In some patients with compromised renal function who are being treated with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the co-administration of enalapril may result in a further deterioration of renal function.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	enalapril	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	It is recommended that serum lithium levels be monitored frequently if enalapril is administered concomitantly with lithium.	enalapril	lithium	advise
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Agents Causing Renin Release: The antihypertensive effect of enalapril and enalapril IV is augmented by antihypertensive agents that cause renin release (e.g., diuretics).	enalapril	antihypertensive agents	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	Agents Increasing Serum Potassium: Enalapril and enalapril IV attenuate potassium loss caused by thiazide-type diuretics.	Enalapril	thiazide-type diuretics	effect
Enalapril_ddi.xml	The possibility of hypotensive effects with enalapril or enalaprilat can be minimized by either discontinuing the diuretic or increasing the salt intake prior to initiation of treatment with enalapril or enalaprilat.	enalapril	diuretic	effect
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids containing aluminum hydroxide and magnesium hydroxide reduce the oral absorption of enoxacin by 75%.	aluminum hydroxide	enoxacin	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Theophylline: Enoxacin is a potent inhibitor of the cytochrome P-450 isozymes responsible for the metabolism of methylxanthines.	Enoxacin	methylxanthines	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	In a multiple-dose study, enoxacin caused a dose-related increase in the mean elimination half-life of caffeine, thereby decreasing the clearance of caffeine by up to 80% and leading to a five-fold increase in the AUC and the half-life of caffeine.	enoxacin	caffeine	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, the prothrombin time or other suitable coagulation test should be monitored when warfarin or its derivatives and enoxacin are given concomitantly.	warfarin	enoxacin	advise
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	If signs and symptoms suggestive of digoxin toxicity occur when enoxacin and digoxin are given concomitantly, physicians are advised to obtain serum digoxin levels and adjust digoxin doses appropriately.	enoxacin	digoxin	effect
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Trough plasma enoxacin levels were also 20% higher when caffeine and enoxacin were administered concomitantly.	caffeine	enoxacin	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Caffeine-related adverse effects have occurred in patients consuming caffeine while on therapy with enoxacin.	caffeine	enoxacin	effect
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Thus, concomitant administration of enoxacin and bismuth subsalicylate should be avoided.	enoxacin	bismuth subsalicylate	advise
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	or with multivitamins containing zinc may substantially interfere with drug absorption and result in insufficient plasma and tissue quinolone concentrations.	zinc	quinolone	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Caffeine: Enoxacin is a potent inhibitor of the cytochrome P-450 isozymes responsible for the metabolism of methylxanthines.	Enoxacin	methylxanthines	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Elevated serum levels of cyclosporine have been reported with concomitant use of cyclosporine with other members of the quinolone class.	cyclosporine	quinolone class	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents: Seizures have been reported in patients taking enoxacin concomitantly with the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug fenbufen.	enoxacin	fenbufen	effect
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Enoxacin interferes with the metabolism of theophylline resulting in a 42% to 74% dose-related decrease in theophylline clearance and a subsequent 260% to 350% increase in serum theophylline levels.	Enoxacin	theophylline	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Theophylline-related adverse effects have occurred in patients when theophylline and enoxacin were coadministered.	theophylline	enoxacin	effect
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids containing aluminum hydroxide and magnesium hydroxide reduce the oral absorption of enoxacin by 75%.	magnesium hydroxide	enoxacin	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Digoxin: Enoxacin may raise serum digoxin levels in some individuals.	Enoxacin	digoxin	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Quinolones, including enoxacin, decrease the clearance of R-warfarin, the less active isomer of racemic warfarin.	enoxacin	R-warfarin	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	The oral bioavailability of enoxacin is reduced by 60% with coadministration of ranitidine.	enoxacin	ranitidine	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Quinolones, including enoxacin, decrease the clearance of R-warfarin, the less active isomer of racemic warfarin.	Quinolones	R-warfarin	mechanism
Enoxacin_ddi.xml	Bismuth: Bismuth subsalicylate, given concomitantly with enoxacin or 60 minutes following enoxacin administration, decreased enoxacin bioavailability by approximately 25%.	Bismuth subsalicylate	enoxacin	mechanism
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Epinephrine should not be administered concomitantly with other sympathomimetic drugs (such as isoproterenol) because of possible additive effects and increased toxicity.	Epinephrine	sympathomimetic drugs	advise
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Epinephrine may antagonize the neuron blockade produced by guanethidine resulting in decreased antihypertensive effect and requiring increased dosage of the latter.	Epinephrine	guanethidine	effect
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Administration of epinephrine to patients receiving cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon general anesthetics such as halothane which sensitize the myocardium, may induce cardiac arrhythmia..	epinephrine	halogenated hydrocarbon general anesthetics	effect
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Epinephrine should not be administered concomitantly with other sympathomimetic drugs (such as isoproterenol) because of possible additive effects and increased toxicity.	Epinephrine	isoproterenol	advise
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Epinephrine also should be used cautiously with other drugs (e.g., digitalis, glycosides) that sensitize the myocardium to the actions of sympathomimetic drugs.	Epinephrine	digitalis	advise
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	All vasopressors should be used cautiously in patients taking monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors.	vasopressors	monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors	advise
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Diuretic agents may decrease vascular response to pressor drugs such as epinephrine.	Diuretic agents	epinephrine	effect
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Epinephrine also should be used cautiously with other drugs (e.g., digitalis, glycosides) that sensitize the myocardium to the actions of sympathomimetic drugs.	Epinephrine	glycosides	advise
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Administration of epinephrine to patients receiving cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon general anesthetics such as halothane which sensitize the myocardium, may induce cardiac arrhythmia..	epinephrine	halothane	effect
Epinephrine_ddi.xml	Administration of epinephrine to patients receiving cyclopropane or halogenated hydrocarbon general anesthetics such as halothane which sensitize the myocardium, may induce cardiac arrhythmia..	epinephrine	cyclopropane	effect
Epirubicin_ddi.xml	Cimetidine increased the AUC of epirubicin by 50%.	Cimetidine	epirubicin	mechanism
Epirubicin_ddi.xml	Cimetidine treatment should be stopped during treatment with ELLENCE.	Cimetidine	ELLENCE	advise
Epirubicin_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of ELLENCE with other cardioactive compounds that could cause heart failure (e.g., calcium channel blockers), requires close monitoring of cardiac function throughout treatment.	ELLENCE	calcium channel blockers	advise
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	The administration of other potassium-sparing antihypertensives with NSAIDs has been shown to reduce the antihypertensive effect in some patients and result in severe hyperkalemia in patients with impaired renal function.	potassium-sparing antihypertensives	NSAIDs	effect
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	Administration of eplerenone with other CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., erythromycin 500 mg BID, verapamil 240 mg QD, saquinavir 1200 mg TID, fluconazole 200 mg QD) resulted in increases in Cmax of eplerenone ranging from 1.4- to 1.6- fold and AUC from 2.0- to 2.9- fold.	eplerenone	saquinavir	mechanism
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	ACE Inhibitors and Angiotensin II Receptor Antagonists (Hypertension)- In clinical studies of patients with hypertension, the addition of INSPRA 50 to 100 mg to ACE inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor antagonists increased mean serum potassium slightly (about 0.09-0.13 mEq/L).	INSPRA	angiotensin II receptor antagonists	effect
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	Administration of eplerenone with other CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., erythromycin 500 mg BID, verapamil 240 mg QD, saquinavir 1200 mg TID, fluconazole 200 mg QD) resulted in increases in Cmax of eplerenone ranging from 1.4- to 1.6- fold and AUC from 2.0- to 2.9- fold.	eplerenone	verapamil	mechanism
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	A pharmacokinetic study evaluating the administration of a single dose of INSPRA 100 mg with ketoconazole 200 mg BID, a potent inhibitor of the CYP3A4 pathway, showed a 1.7-fold increase in Cmax of eplerenone and a 5.4-fold increase in AUC of eplerenone.	INSPRA	ketoconazole	mechanism
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	Serum lithium levels should be monitored frequently if INSPRA is administered concomitantly with lithium.	INSPRA	lithium	advise
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	Therefore, when INSPRA and NSAIDs are used concomitantly, patients should be observed to determine whether the desired effect on blood pressure is obtained.	INSPRA	NSAIDs	advise
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	ACE Inhibitors and Angiotensin II Receptor Antagonists (Hypertension)- In clinical studies of patients with hypertension, the addition of INSPRA 50 to 100 mg to ACE inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor antagonists increased mean serum potassium slightly (about 0.09-0.13 mEq/L).	INSPRA	ACE inhibitors	effect
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	Administration of eplerenone with other CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., erythromycin 500 mg BID, verapamil 240 mg QD, saquinavir 1200 mg TID, fluconazole 200 mg QD) resulted in increases in Cmax of eplerenone ranging from 1.4- to 1.6- fold and AUC from 2.0- to 2.9- fold.	eplerenone	fluconazole	mechanism
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	Administration of eplerenone with other CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., erythromycin 500 mg BID, verapamil 240 mg QD, saquinavir 1200 mg TID, fluconazole 200 mg QD) resulted in increases in Cmax of eplerenone ranging from 1.4- to 1.6- fold and AUC from 2.0- to 2.9- fold.	eplerenone	erythromycin	mechanism
Eplerenone_ddi.xml	In a study in diabetics with microalbuminuria INSPRA 200 mg combined with the ACE inhibitor enalapril 10 mg increased the frequency of hyperkalemia (serum potassium  5.5 mEq/L) from 17% on enalapril alone to 38%.	INSPRA	enalapril	effect
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	When other antiplatelet agents or anticoagulants are used concomitantly, there is the potential for FLOLAN to increase the risk of bleeding.	anticoagulants	FLOLAN	effect
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	Additional reductions in blood pressure may occur when FLOLAN is administered with diuretics, antihypertensive agents, or other vasodilators.	FLOLAN	antihypertensive agents	effect
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	When other antiplatelet agents or anticoagulants are used concomitantly, there is the potential for FLOLAN to increase the risk of bleeding.	antiplatelet agents	FLOLAN	effect
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	Additional reductions in blood pressure may occur when FLOLAN is administered with diuretics, antihypertensive agents, or other vasodilators.	FLOLAN	vasodilators	effect
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	However, patients on digoxin may show elevations of digoxin concentrations after initiation of therapy with FLOLAN, which may be clinically significant in patients prone to digoxin toxicity.	digoxin	FLOLAN	mechanism
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	In clinical trials, FLOLAN was used with digoxin, diuretics, anticoagulants, oral vasodilators, and supplemental oxygen.In a pharmacokinetic substudy in patients with congestive heart failure receiving furosemide or digoxin in whom therapy with FLOLAN was initiated, apparent oral clearance values for furosemide (n = 23) and digoxin (n = 30) were decreased by 13% and 15%, respectively, on the second day of therapy and had returned to baseline values by day 87.	digoxin	FLOLAN	mechanism
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	Additional reductions in blood pressure may occur when FLOLAN is administered with diuretics, antihypertensive agents, or other vasodilators.	FLOLAN	diuretics	effect
Epoprostenol_ddi.xml	In clinical trials, FLOLAN was used with digoxin, diuretics, anticoagulants, oral vasodilators, and supplemental oxygen.In a pharmacokinetic substudy in patients with congestive heart failure receiving furosemide or digoxin in whom therapy with FLOLAN was initiated, apparent oral clearance values for furosemide (n = 23) and digoxin (n = 30) were decreased by 13% and 15%, respectively, on the second day of therapy and had returned to baseline values by day 87.	furosemide	FLOLAN	mechanism
Ergocalciferol_ddi.xml	Mineral oil interferes with the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins, including vitamin D preparations.	Mineral oil	vitamin D preparations	mechanism
Ergocalciferol_ddi.xml	Mineral oil interferes with the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins, including vitamin D preparations.	Mineral oil	fat-soluble vitamins	mechanism
Ergocalciferol_ddi.xml	Administration of thiazide diuretics to hypoparathyroid patients who are concurrently being treated with ergocalciferol may cause hypercalcemia.	thiazide diuretics	ergocalciferol	effect
Ergotamine_ddi.xml	The effects of ERGOMAR may be potentiated by triacetyloleandomycin which inhibits the metabolism of ergotamine.	triacetyloleandomycin	ergotamine	mechanism
Ergotamine_ddi.xml	The effects of ERGOMAR may be potentiated by triacetyloleandomycin which inhibits the metabolism of ergotamine.	ERGOMAR	triacetyloleandomycin	mechanism
Ergotamine_ddi.xml	The pressor effects of ERGOMAR and other vasoconstrictor drugs can combine to cause dangerous hypertension.	ERGOMAR	vasoconstrictor drugs	effect
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	ritonavir	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	TAO	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	ketoconazole	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	nelfinavir	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	itraconazole	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	atazanavir	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Pre-treatment with the CYP3A4 inducer rifampicin decreased erlotinib AUC by about 2/3.	rifampicin	erlotinib	mechanism
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	telithromycin	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	voriconazole	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Co-treatment with the potent CYP3A4 inhibitor ketoconazole increases erlotinib AUC by 2/3.	ketoconazole	erlotinib	mechanism
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	saquinavir	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	troleandomycin	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	If the TARCEVA dose is adjusted upward, the dose will need to be reduced upon discontinuation of rifampicin or other inducers.	TARCEVA	rifampicin	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	nefazodone	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	clarithromycin	advise
Erlotinib_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when administering or taking TARCEVA with ketoconazole and other strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as, but not limited to, atazanavir, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin (TAO), and voriconazole .	TARCEVA	indinavir	advise
Ertapenem_ddi.xml	Because of the small effect on half-life, the coadministration with probenecid to extend the half-life of ertapenem is not recommended.	probenecid	ertapenem	advise
Ertapenem_ddi.xml	When ertapenem is co-administered with probenecid (500 mg p.o. every 6 hours), probenecid competes for active tubular secretion and reduces the renal clearance of ertapenem.	probenecid	ertapenem	mechanism
Ertapenem_ddi.xml	Based on total ertapenem concentrations, probenecid increased the AUC by 25% and reduced the plasma and renal clearances by 20% and 35%, respectively.	ertapenem	probenecid	mechanism
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	phenytoin	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of erythromycin and digoxin has been reported to result in elevated digoxin serum levels.	erythromycin	digoxin	mechanism
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin has been reported to decrease the clearance of triazolam and midazolam and thus may increase the pharmacologic effect of these benzodiazepines.	Erythromycin	midazolam	mechanism
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of erythromycin and ergotamine or dihydroergotamine has been associated in some patients with acute ergot toxicity characterized by severe peripheral vasospasm and dysesthesia.	erythromycin	dihydroergotamine	effect
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	lovastatin	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	cyclosporine	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been postmarketing reports of drug interactions when erythromycin is coadministered with cisapride, resulting in QT prolongation, cardiac arrythmias, ventricular tachycardia, ventricular fibrulation, and torsades de pointes, most like due to inhibition of hepatic metabolism of cisapride by erythromycin.	cisapride	erythromycin	mechanism
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	valproate	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	carbamazepine	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	In addition, deaths have been reported rarely with concomitant administration of terfenadine and erythromycin.	terfenadine	erythromycin	effect
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	terfenadine	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin has been reported to significantly alter the metabolism of nonsedating antihistamines terfenadine and astemizole when taken concomitantly.	Erythromycin	terfenadine	mechanism
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin has been reported to decrease the clearance of triazolam and midazolam and thus may increase the pharmacologic effect of these benzodiazepines.	Erythromycin	triazolam	mechanism
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	disopyramide	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin has been reported to significantly alter the metabolism of nonsedating antihistamines terfenadine and astemizole when taken concomitantly.	Erythromycin	astemizole	mechanism
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	cisapride	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of increased anticoagulant effects when erythromycin and oral anticoagulants were used concomitantly.	erythromycin	anticoagulants	effect
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Patients receiving concomitant lovastatin and erythromycin should be carefully monitored;	lovastatin	erythromycin	advise
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin use in patients who are receiving high doses of theophylline may be associated with an increase in serum theophylline levels and potential theophylline toxicity.	Erythromycin	theophylline	effect
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Erythromycin has been reported to decrease the clearance of triazolam and midazolam and thus may increase the pharmacologic effect of these benzodiazepines.	Erythromycin	benzodiazepines	effect
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	tacrolimus	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	hexobarbital	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	bromocriptine	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of erythromycin and ergotamine or dihydroergotamine has been associated in some patients with acute ergot toxicity characterized by severe peripheral vasospasm and dysesthesia.	erythromycin	ergotamine	effect
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	In case of theophylline toxicity and/or elevated serum theophylline levels, the dose of theophylline should be reduced while the patient is receiving concomitant erythromycin therapy.	theophylline	erythromycin	advise
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	astemizole	int
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been postmarketing reports of drug interactions when erythromycin is coadministered with cisapride, resulting in QT prolongation, cardiac arrythmias, ventricular tachycardia, ventricular fibrulation, and torsades de pointes, most like due to inhibition of hepatic metabolism of cisapride by erythromycin.	erythromycin	cisapride	effect
Erythromycin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of interactions of erythromycin with carbamazepine, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, hexobarbital, phenytoin, alfentanil, cisapride, disopyramide, lovastatin, bromocriptine, valproate, terfenadine, and astemizole.	erythromycin	alfentanil	int
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Sumatriptan - There have been rare postmarketing reports describing patients with weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination following the use of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) and sumatriptan.	SSRI	sumatriptan	effect
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Alcohol - Although LEXAPRO did not potentiate the cognitive and motor effects of alcohol in a clinical trial, as with other psychotropic medications, the use of alcohol by patients taking LEXAPRO is not recommended.	alcohol	LEXAPRO	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Epidemiological studies of the case-control and cohort design that have demonstrated an association between use of psychotropic drugs that interfere with serotonin reuptake and the occurrence of upper gastrointestinal bleeding have also shown that concurrent use of an NSAID or aspirin potentiated the risk of bleeding.	psychotropic drugs	aspirin	effect
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with sumatriptan and an SSRI (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram) is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	sumatriptan	fluoxetine	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Concomitant Administration with Racemic Citalopram Citalopram - Since escitalopram is the active isomer of racemic citalopram (Celexa), the two agents should not be coadministered.	escitalopram	citalopram	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Metoprolol - Administration of 20 mg/day LEXAPRO for 21 days in healthy volunteers resulted in a 50% increase in Cmax and 82% increase in AUC of the beta-adrenergic blocker metoprolol (given in a single dose of 100 mg).	LEXAPRO	metoprolol	mechanism
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Cimetidine - In subjects who had received 21 days of 40 mg/day racemic citalopram, combined administration of 400 mg/day cimetidine for 8 days resulted in an increase in citalopram AUC and Cmax of 43% and 39%, respectively.	citalopram	cimetidine	mechanism
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with sumatriptan and an SSRI (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram) is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	sumatriptan	paroxetine	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Epidemiological studies of the case-control and cohort design that have demonstrated an association between use of psychotropic drugs that interfere with serotonin reuptake and the occurrence of upper gastrointestinal bleeding have also shown that concurrent use of an NSAID or aspirin potentiated the risk of bleeding.	psychotropic drugs	NSAID	effect
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Because lithium may enhance the serotonergic effects of escitalopram, caution should be exercised when LEXAPRO and lithium are coadministered.	LEXAPRO	lithium	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Alcohol - Although LEXAPRO did not potentiate the cognitive and motor effects of alcohol in a clinical trial, as with other psychotropic medications, the use of alcohol by patients taking LEXAPRO is not recommended.	psychotropic medications	LEXAPRO	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with sumatriptan and an SSRI (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram) is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	sumatriptan	SSRI	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with sumatriptan and an SSRI (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram) is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	sumatriptan	citalopram	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with sumatriptan and an SSRI (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram) is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	sumatriptan	fluvoxamine	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Although trough citalopram plasma levels were unaffected, given the enzyme-inducing properties of carbamazepine, the possibility that carbamazepine might increase the clearance of escitalopram should be considered if the two drugs are coadministered.	carbamazepine	escitalopram	mechanism
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Concomitant Administration with Racemic Citalopram Citalopram - Since escitalopram is the active isomer of racemic citalopram (Celexa), the two agents should not be coadministered.	escitalopram	Celexa	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Pimozide and Celexa - In a controlled study, a single dose of pimozide 2 mg co-administered with racemic citalopram 40 mg given once daily for 11 days was associated with a mean increase in QTc values of approximately 10 msec compared to pimozide given alone.	pimozide	citalopram	effect
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with sumatriptan and an SSRI (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram) is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	sumatriptan	escitalopram	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with sumatriptan and an SSRI (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram) is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	sumatriptan	sertraline	advise
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	However, there are limited in vivo data suggesting a modest CYP2D6 inhibitory effect for escitalopram, i.e., coadministration of escitalopram (20 mg/day for 21 days) with the tricyclic antidepressant desipramine (single dose of 50 mg), a substrate for CYP2D6, resulted in a 40% increase in Cmax and a 100% increase in AUC of desipramine.	escitalopram	desipramine	mechanism
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Because lithium may enhance the serotonergic effects of escitalopram, caution should be exercised when LEXAPRO and lithium are coadministered.	lithium	escitalopram	effect
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole - Combined administration of racemic citalopram (40 mg) and ketoconazole (200 mg) decreased the Cmax and AUC of ketoconazole by 21% and 10%, respectively, and did not significantly affect the pharmacokinetics of citalopram.	citalopram	ketoconazole	mechanism
Escitalopram_ddi.xml	Sumatriptan - There have been rare postmarketing reports describing patients with weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination following the use of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) and sumatriptan.	selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor	sumatriptan	effect
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Although the interactions observed in these studies do not appear to be of major clinical importance, BREVIBLOC should be titrated with caution in patients being treated concurrently with digoxin, morphine, succinylcholine or warfarin.	BREVIBLOC	digoxin	advise
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised when considering the use of BREVIBLOC and verapamil in patients with depressed myocardial function.	BREVIBLOC	verapamil	advise
Esmolol_ddi.xml	BREVIBLOC concentrations were equivocally higher when given with warfarin, but this is not likely to be clinically important.	BREVIBLOC	warfarin	mechanism
Esmolol_ddi.xml	When intravenous morphine and BREVIBLOC were concomitantly administered in normal subjects, no effect on morphine blood levels was seen, but BREVIBLOC steady-state blood levels were increased by 46% in the presence of morphine.	BREVIBLOC	morphine	mechanism
Esmolol_ddi.xml	When digoxin and BREVIBLOC were concomitantly administered intravenously to normal volunteers, there was a 10-20% increase in digoxin blood levels at some time points.	digoxin	BREVIBLOC	mechanism
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Although the interactions observed in these studies do not appear to be of major clinical importance, BREVIBLOC should be titrated with caution in patients being treated concurrently with digoxin, morphine, succinylcholine or warfarin.	BREVIBLOC	warfarin	advise
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Although the interactions observed in these studies do not appear to be of major clinical importance, BREVIBLOC should be titrated with caution in patients being treated concurrently with digoxin, morphine, succinylcholine or warfarin.	BREVIBLOC	succinylcholine	advise
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Catecholamine-depleting drugs, e.g., reserpine, may have an additive effect when given with beta blocking agents.	reserpine	beta blocking agents	effect
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Additionally, BREVIBLOC should not be used to control supraventricular tachycardia in the presence of agents which are vasoconstrictive and inotropic such as dopamine, epinephrine, and norepinephrine because of the danger of blocking cardiac contractility when systemic vascular resistance is high.	BREVIBLOC	norepinephrine	advise
Esmolol_ddi.xml	The onset of neuromuscular blockade by succinylcholine was unaffected by BREVIBLOC, but the duration of neuromuscular blockade was prolonged from 5 minutes to 8 minutes.	succinylcholine	BREVIBLOC	effect
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Additionally, BREVIBLOC should not be used to control supraventricular tachycardia in the presence of agents which are vasoconstrictive and inotropic such as dopamine, epinephrine, and norepinephrine because of the danger of blocking cardiac contractility when systemic vascular resistance is high.	BREVIBLOC	dopamine	advise
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Additionally, BREVIBLOC should not be used to control supraventricular tachycardia in the presence of agents which are vasoconstrictive and inotropic such as dopamine, epinephrine, and norepinephrine because of the danger of blocking cardiac contractility when systemic vascular resistance is high.	BREVIBLOC	epinephrine	advise
Esmolol_ddi.xml	Although the interactions observed in these studies do not appear to be of major clinical importance, BREVIBLOC should be titrated with caution in patients being treated concurrently with digoxin, morphine, succinylcholine or warfarin.	BREVIBLOC	morphine	advise
Esomeprazole_ddi.xml	Therefore, esomeprazole may interfere with the absorption of drugs where gastric pH is an important determinant of bioavailability (eg, ketoconazole, iron salts and digoxin).	esomeprazole	iron	mechanism
Esomeprazole_ddi.xml	Therefore, esomeprazole may interfere with the absorption of drugs where gastric pH is an important determinant of bioavailability (eg, ketoconazole, iron salts and digoxin).	esomeprazole	digoxin	mechanism
Esomeprazole_ddi.xml	Therefore, esomeprazole may interfere with the absorption of drugs where gastric pH is an important determinant of bioavailability (eg, ketoconazole, iron salts and digoxin).	esomeprazole	ketoconazole	mechanism
Esomeprazole_ddi.xml	Patients treated with proton pump inhibitors and warfarin concomitantly may need to be monitored for increases in INR and prothrombin time.	proton pump inhibitors	warfarin	effect
Esomeprazole_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of clarithromycin with pimozide is contraindicated.	clarithromycin	pimozide	advise
Esomeprazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of esomeprazole 30 mg and diazepam, a CYP2C19 substrate, resulted in a 45% decrease in clearance of diazepam.	esomeprazole	diazepam	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	Consequently, estazolam should be avoided in patients receiving ketoconazole and itraconazole, which are very potent inhibitors of CYP3A.	estazolam	itraconazole	advise
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The following are examples of drugs known to inhibit the metabolism of other related benzodiazepines, presumably through inhibition of CYP3A: nefazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine, diltiazem, isoniazide, and some macrolide antibiotics.	benzodiazepines	fluvoxamine	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	While no in vivo drug-drug interaction studies were conducted between estazolam and inducers of CYP3A, compounds that are potent CYP3A inducers (such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and barbiturates) would be expected to decrease estazolam concentrations.	estazolam	barbiturates	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	antihistamines	effect
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	psychotropic medications	effect
Estazolam_ddi.xml	Consequently, estazolam should be avoided in patients receiving ketoconazole and itraconazole, which are very potent inhibitors of CYP3A.	estazolam	ketoconazole	advise
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	narcotics	effect
Estazolam_ddi.xml	While no in vivo drug-drug interaction studies were conducted between estazolam and inducers of CYP3A, compounds that are potent CYP3A inducers (such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and barbiturates) would be expected to decrease estazolam concentrations.	estazolam	carbamazepine	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	alcohol	effect
Estazolam_ddi.xml	While no in vivo drug-drug interaction studies were conducted between estazolam and inducers of CYP3A, compounds that are potent CYP3A inducers (such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and barbiturates) would be expected to decrease estazolam concentrations.	estazolam	rifampin	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The following are examples of drugs known to inhibit the metabolism of other related benzodiazepines, presumably through inhibition of CYP3A: nefazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine, diltiazem, isoniazide, and some macrolide antibiotics.	benzodiazepines	cimetidine	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	anticonvulsants	effect
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The following are examples of drugs known to inhibit the metabolism of other related benzodiazepines, presumably through inhibition of CYP3A: nefazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine, diltiazem, isoniazide, and some macrolide antibiotics.	benzodiazepines	isoniazide	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The following are examples of drugs known to inhibit the metabolism of other related benzodiazepines, presumably through inhibition of CYP3A: nefazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine, diltiazem, isoniazide, and some macrolide antibiotics.	benzodiazepines	nefazodone	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	While no in vivo drug-drug interaction studies were conducted between estazolam and inducers of CYP3A, compounds that are potent CYP3A inducers (such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and barbiturates) would be expected to decrease estazolam concentrations.	estazolam	estazolam	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	While no in vivo drug-drug interaction studies were conducted between estazolam and inducers of CYP3A, compounds that are potent CYP3A inducers (such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and barbiturates) would be expected to decrease estazolam concentrations.	estazolam	phenytoin	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	phenothiazines	effect
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The following are examples of drugs known to inhibit the metabolism of other related benzodiazepines, presumably through inhibition of CYP3A: nefazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine, diltiazem, isoniazide, and some macrolide antibiotics.	benzodiazepines	macrolide antibiotics	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The following are examples of drugs known to inhibit the metabolism of other related benzodiazepines, presumably through inhibition of CYP3A: nefazodone, fluvoxamine, cimetidine, diltiazem, isoniazide, and some macrolide antibiotics.	benzodiazepines	diltiazem	mechanism
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	barbiturates	effect
Estazolam_ddi.xml	The action of the benzodiazepines may be potentiated by anticonvulsants, antihistamines, alcohol, barbiturates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, narcotics, phenothiazines, psychotropic medications, or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	benzodiazepines	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Eszopiclone_ddi.xml	Olanzapine: Coadministration of eszopiclone 3 mg and olanzapine 10 mg produced a decrease in DSST scores.	eszopiclone	olanzapine	effect
Eszopiclone_ddi.xml	Drugs That Induce CYP3A4 (Rifampicin) Racemic zopiclone exposure was decreased 80% by concomitant useof rifampicin, a potent inducer of CYP3A4.	zopiclone	rifampicin	mechanism
Eszopiclone_ddi.xml	The AUC of eszopiclone was increased 2.2-fold by coadministration of ketoconazole, a potent inhibitor of CYP3A4, 400 mg daily for 5 days.	eszopiclone	ketoconazole	mechanism
Eszopiclone_ddi.xml	CNS-Active Drugs Ethanol An additive effect on psychomotor performance was seen with coadministration of eszopiclone and ethanol 0.70 g/kg for up to 4 hours after ethanol administration.	eszopiclone	ethanol	effect
Etanercept_ddi.xml	In a study in which patients with active RA were treated for up to 24 weeks with concurrent ENBREL  and anakinra therapy, a 7% rate of serious infections was observed, which was higher than that observed with ENBREL  alone (0%).	ENBREL	anakinra	effect
Etanercept_ddi.xml	Patients in a clinical study who were on established therapy with sulfasalazine, to which ENBREL was added, were noted to develop a mild decrease in mean neutrophil counts in comparison to groups treated with either ENBREL CI or sulfasalazine alone.	sulfasalazine	ENBREL	effect
Etanercept_ddi.xml	Two percent of patients treated concurrently with ENBREL  and anakinra developed neutropenia (ANC   1 x 109/L).	ENBREL	anakinra	effect
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of a non- steroidal antiinflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium- sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non- steroidal antiinflammatory agent	potassium- sparing diuretics	effect
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of a non- steroidal antiinflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium- sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non- steroidal antiinflammatory agent	loop diuretics	effect
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	Therefore, when EDECRIN and non- steroidal anti- inflammatory agents are used concomitantly, the patient should be observed closely to determine if the desired effect of the diuretic is obtained.	EDECRIN	non- steroidal anti- inflammatory agents	effect
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	Lithium generally should not be given with diuretics because they reduce its renal clearance and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.	Lithium	diuretics	mechanism
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of a non- steroidal antiinflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium- sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non- steroidal antiinflammatory agent	thiazide diuretics	effect
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	A number of drugs, including ethacrynic acid, have been shown to displace warfarin from plasma protein;	ethacrynic acid	warfarin	mechanism
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	EDECRIN may increase the ototoxic potential of other drugs such as aminoglycoside and some cephalosporin antibiotics.	EDECRIN	aminoglycoside	effect
Ethacrynic acid_ddi.xml	EDECRIN may increase the ototoxic potential of other drugs such as aminoglycoside and some cephalosporin antibiotics.	EDECRIN	cephalosporin antibiotics	effect
Ethambutol_ddi.xml	It is recommended to avoid concurrent administration of ethambutol with aluminum hydroxide containing antacids for at least 4 hours following ethambutol administration.	ethambutol	aluminum hydroxide	advise
Ethambutol_ddi.xml	The results of a study of coadministration of ethambutol (50 mg/kg) with an aluminum hydroxide containing antacid to 13 patients with tuberculosis showed a reduction of mean serum concentrations and urinary excretion of ethambutol of approximately 20% and 13%, respectively, suggesting that the oral absorption of ethambutol may be reduced by these antacid products.	ethambutol	aluminum hydroxide	mechanism
Ethchlorvynol_ddi.xml	Other depressasnts such as alcohol, barbiturates, and MAOIs may enhance CNS depression when administered with ethchlorvynol.	barbiturates	ethchlorvynol	effect
Ethchlorvynol_ddi.xml	Other depressasnts such as alcohol, barbiturates, and MAOIs may enhance CNS depression when administered with ethchlorvynol.	MAOIs	ethchlorvynol	effect
Ethchlorvynol_ddi.xml	Other depressasnts such as alcohol, barbiturates, and MAOIs may enhance CNS depression when administered with ethchlorvynol.	alcohol	ethchlorvynol	effect
Ethionamide_ddi.xml	Trecator may potentiate the adverse effects of other antituberculous drugs administered concomitantly.	Trecator	antituberculous drugs	effect
Ethionamide_ddi.xml	In particular, convulsions have been reported when ethionamide is administered with cycloserine and special care should be taken when the treatment regimen includes both of these drugs.	ethionamide	cycloserine	effect
Ethionamide_ddi.xml	Trecator has been found to temporarily raise serum concentrations of isoniazid.	Trecator	isoniazid	mechanism
Ethopropazine_ddi.xml	Ethopropazine may interact with alcohol or other CNS depressants, causing increased sedative effects.	Ethopropazine	CNS depressants	effect
Ethopropazine_ddi.xml	Ethopropazine may interact with alcohol or other CNS depressants, causing increased sedative effects.	Ethopropazine	alcohol	effect
Ethopropazine_ddi.xml	Ethopropazine can interact with chlorpromazine, increasing the metabolism of chlorpromazine.	Ethopropazine	chlorpromazine	mechanism
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	Considerable caution should be exercised if PEGANONE is administered concurrently with Phenurone (phenacemide) since paranoid symptoms have been reported during therapy with this combination.	PEGANONE	phenacemide	advise
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	Presumably, phenytoin acts as a stimulator of coumarin metabolism and has been reported to cause decreased serum levels of the coumarin anticoagulants and increased prothrombin-proconvertin concentrations.	phenytoin	coumarin anticoagulants	mechanism
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	Considerable caution should be exercised if PEGANONE is administered concurrently with Phenurone (phenacemide) since paranoid symptoms have been reported during therapy with this combination.	PEGANONE	Phenurone	advise
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	Conversely, the coumarin anticoagulants have been reported to increase the serum levels and prolong the serum half-life of phenytoin by inhibiting its metabolism.	coumarin anticoagulants	phenytoin	mechanism
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	Caution is therefore advised when administering PEGANONE to patients receiving coumarin anticoagulants.	PEGANONE	coumarin anticoagulants	advise
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	Presumably, phenytoin acts as a stimulator of coumarin metabolism and has been reported to cause decreased serum levels of the coumarin anticoagulants and increased prothrombin-proconvertin concentrations.	phenytoin	coumarin	mechanism
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	A two-way interaction between the hydantoin antiepileptic, phenytoin, and the coumarin anticoagulants has been suggested.	hydantoin antiepileptic	phenytoin	int
Ethotoin_ddi.xml	A two-way interaction between the hydantoin antiepileptic, phenytoin, and the coumarin anticoagulants has been suggested.	hydantoin antiepileptic	coumarin anticoagulant	int
Ethoxzolamide_ddi.xml	Ethoxzolamide may increase the action of tricyclics, amphetamines, procainamide, and quinidine.	Ethoxzolamide	amphetamines	effect
Ethoxzolamide_ddi.xml	Coadministration of ethoxzolamide with other diuretics, amphotericin B, and corticosteroids may cause hypokalemia.	ethoxzolamide	amphotericin B	effect
Ethoxzolamide_ddi.xml	Ethoxzolamide may increase the action of tricyclics, amphetamines, procainamide, and quinidine.	Ethoxzolamide	procainamide	effect
Ethoxzolamide_ddi.xml	Ethoxzolamide may increase the action of tricyclics, amphetamines, procainamide, and quinidine.	Ethoxzolamide	tricyclics	effect
Ethoxzolamide_ddi.xml	Coadministration of ethoxzolamide with other diuretics, amphotericin B, and corticosteroids may cause hypokalemia.	ethoxzolamide	diuretics	effect
Ethoxzolamide_ddi.xml	Coadministration of ethoxzolamide with other diuretics, amphotericin B, and corticosteroids may cause hypokalemia.	ethoxzolamide	corticosteroids	effect
Ethoxzolamide_ddi.xml	Ethoxzolamide may increase the action of tricyclics, amphetamines, procainamide, and quinidine.	Ethoxzolamide	quinidine	effect
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Benzodiazepines: Combination hormonal contraceptives may decrease the clearance of some benzodiazepines (alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam) and increase the clearance of others (lorazepam, oxazepam, temazepam).	hormonal contraceptives	temazepam	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	carbamazepine	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Combination hormonal contraceptives may inhibit the metabolism of cyclosporine, leading to increased plasma concentrations;	hormonal contraceptives	cyclosporine	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	topiramate	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline, imipramine, nortriptyline): Metabolism may be inhibited by combination hormonal contraceptives, increasing plasma levels of antidepressant;	imipramine	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Combination hormonal contraceptives may also decrease the plasma concentration of acetaminophen.	hormonal contraceptives	acetaminophen	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline, imipramine, nortriptyline): Metabolism may be inhibited by combination hormonal contraceptives, increasing plasma levels of antidepressant;	amitriptyline	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	Anticonvulsants	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	felbamate	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline, imipramine, nortriptyline): Metabolism may be inhibited by combination hormonal contraceptives, increasing plasma levels of antidepressant;	nortriptyline	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Rifampin: Rifampin increases the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and some progestins (norethindrone) resulting in decreased contraceptive effectiveness and increased menstrual irregularities.	Rifampin	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Atorvastatin: Atorvastatin increases the AUC for norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol.	Atorvastatin	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Salicylic acid: Combination hormonal contraceptives may increase the clearance of salicylic acid.	hormonal contraceptives	salicylic acid	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Benzodiazepines: Combination hormonal contraceptives may decrease the clearance of some benzodiazepines (alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam) and increase the clearance of others (lorazepam, oxazepam, temazepam).	hormonal contraceptives	diazepam	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Griseofulvin: Griseofulvin may induce the metabolism of combination hormonal contraceptives causing menstrual changes;	Griseofulvin	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Morphine: Combination hormonal contraceptives may increase the clearance of morphine.	hormonal contraceptives	morphine	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Acitretin: Interferes with the contraceptive effect of microdosed progestin-containing minipill preparations.	Acitretin	progestin	effect
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Protease inhibitors: Amprenavir, lopinavir, nelfinavir, and ritonavir have been shown to decrease plasma levels of combination hormonal contraceptives;	ritonavir	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline, imipramine, nortriptyline): Metabolism may be inhibited by combination hormonal contraceptives, increasing plasma levels of antidepressant;	Tricyclic antidepressants	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Benzodiazepines: Combination hormonal contraceptives may decrease the clearance of some benzodiazepines (alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam) and increase the clearance of others (lorazepam, oxazepam, temazepam).	hormonal contraceptives	alprazolam	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Rifampin: Rifampin increases the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and some progestins (norethindrone) resulting in decreased contraceptive effectiveness and increased menstrual irregularities.	Rifampin	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	phenobarbital	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Ascorbic acid: Doses of ascorbic acid (vitamin C) 1 g/day have been reported to increase plasma concentration of synthetic estrogens by ~47%, possibly by inhibiting conjugation;	ascorbic acid	synthetic estrogens	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Acetaminophen: May increase plasma concentration of synthetic estrogens, possibly by inhibiting conjugation.	Acetaminophen	synthetic estrogens	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	Anticonvulsants	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	topiramate	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Benzodiazepines: Combination hormonal contraceptives may decrease the clearance of some benzodiazepines (alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam) and increase the clearance of others (lorazepam, oxazepam, temazepam).	hormonal contraceptives	lorazepam	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Ascorbic acid: Doses of ascorbic acid (vitamin C) 1 g/day have been reported to increase plasma concentration of synthetic estrogens by ~47%, possibly by inhibiting conjugation;	vitamin C	synthetic estrogens	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	carbamazepine	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	phenytoin	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Indinavir has been shown to increase plasma levels of combination hormonal contraceptives.	Indinavir	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	felbamate	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticoagulants: Combination hormonal contraceptives may increase or decrease the effects of coumarin derivatives.	hormonal contraceptives	coumarin derivatives	effect
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Benzodiazepines: Combination hormonal contraceptives may decrease the clearance of some benzodiazepines (alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam) and increase the clearance of others (lorazepam, oxazepam, temazepam).	hormonal contraceptives	chlordiazepoxide	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs): Nevirapine may decrease plasma levels of combination hormonal contraceptives;	Nevirapine	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	phenobarbital	ethinyl estradiol	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, topiramate): Increase the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and/or some progestins, leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	phenytoin	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Protease inhibitors: Amprenavir, lopinavir, nelfinavir, and ritonavir have been shown to decrease plasma levels of combination hormonal contraceptives;	Amprenavir	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Theophylline: Ethinyl estradiol may inhibit the metabolism of theophylline, leading to increased plasma concentrations.	Ethinyl estradiol	theophylline	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	ETHANOL / NUTRITION / HERB INTERACTIONS: Food: CNS effects of caffeine may be enhanced if combination hormonal contraceptives are used concurrently with caffeine.	combination hormonal contraceptives	caffeine	effect
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Clofibric acid: Combination hormonal contraceptives may increase the clearance of clofibric acid.	hormonal contraceptives	clofibric acid	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Protease inhibitors: Amprenavir, lopinavir, nelfinavir, and ritonavir have been shown to decrease plasma levels of combination hormonal contraceptives;	nelfinavir	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Rifampin: Rifampin increases the metabolism of ethinyl estradiol and some progestins (norethindrone) resulting in decreased contraceptive effectiveness and increased menstrual irregularities.	Rifampin	norethindrone	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Benzodiazepines: Combination hormonal contraceptives may decrease the clearance of some benzodiazepines (alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam) and increase the clearance of others (lorazepam, oxazepam, temazepam).	hormonal contraceptives	benzodiazepines	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Atorvastatin: Atorvastatin increases the AUC for norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol.	Atorvastatin	norethindrone	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Benzodiazepines: Combination hormonal contraceptives may decrease the clearance of some benzodiazepines (alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam) and increase the clearance of others (lorazepam, oxazepam, temazepam).	hormonal contraceptives	oxazepam	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Selegiline: Combination hormonal contraceptives may increase the serum concentration of selegiline.	Combination hormonal contraceptives	selegiline	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Prednisolone: Ethinyl estradiol may inhibit the metabolism of prednisolone, leading to increased plasma concentrations.	Ethinyl estradiol	prednisolone	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Aminoglutethimide: May increase CYP metabolism of progestins leading to possible decrease in contraceptive effectiveness.	Aminoglutethimide	progestins	mechanism
Ethynodiol Diacetate_ddi.xml	Protease inhibitors: Amprenavir, lopinavir, nelfinavir, and ritonavir have been shown to decrease plasma levels of combination hormonal contraceptives;	lopinavir	combination hormonal contraceptives	mechanism
Etidronic acid_ddi.xml	There have been isolated reports of patients experiencing increases in their prothrombin times when etidronate was added to warfarin therapy.	etidronate	warfarin	effect
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Lithium: NSAIDs have produced an elevation of plasma lithium levels and a reduction in renal lithium clearance.	NSAIDs	lithium	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, Digoxin, Methotrexate Lodine, like other NSAIDs, through effects on renal prostaglandins, may cause changes in the elimination of these drugs leading to elevated serum levels of cyclosporine, digoxin, methotrexate, and increased toxicity.	NSAIDs	methotrexate	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, Digoxin, Methotrexate Lodine, like other NSAIDs, through effects on renal prostaglandins, may cause changes in the elimination of these drugs leading to elevated serum levels of cyclosporine, digoxin, methotrexate, and increased toxicity.	NSAIDs	cyclosporine	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, Digoxin, Methotrexate Lodine, like other NSAIDs, through effects on renal prostaglandins, may cause changes in the elimination of these drugs leading to elevated serum levels of cyclosporine, digoxin, methotrexate, and increased toxicity.	Lodine	cyclosporine	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Although in vivo studies have not been done to see if etodolac clearance is changed by coadministration of phenylbutazone, it is not recommended that they be coadministered.	etodolac	phenylbutazone	advise
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Short-term pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that concomitant administration of warfarin and Lodine  (etodolac capsules and tablets) results in reduced protein binding of warfarin, but there was no change in the clearance of free warfarin.	warfarin	Lodine	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	ACE-inhibitors Reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of ACE-inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE-inhibitors	effect
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Aspirin: When Lodine is administered with aspirin, its protein binding is reduced, although the clearance of free etodolac is not altered.	Lodine	aspirin	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, Digoxin, Methotrexate Lodine, like other NSAIDs, through effects on renal prostaglandins, may cause changes in the elimination of these drugs leading to elevated serum levels of cyclosporine, digoxin, methotrexate, and increased toxicity.	Lodine	methotrexate	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, clinical studies, as well as postmarketing observations have shown that Lodine can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	Lodine	thiazides	effect
Etodolac_ddi.xml	however, as with other NSAIDs, concomitant administration of Lodine and aspirin is not generally recommended because of the potential of increased adverse effects.	Lodine	aspirin	advise
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, Digoxin, Methotrexate Lodine, like other NSAIDs, through effects on renal prostaglandins, may cause changes in the elimination of these drugs leading to elevated serum levels of cyclosporine, digoxin, methotrexate, and increased toxicity.	NSAIDs	digoxin	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Thus, when NSAIDs and lithium are administered concurrently, subjects should be observed carefully for signs of lithium toxicity.	NSAIDs	lithium	effect
Etodolac_ddi.xml	However, caution should be exercised because there have been a few spontaneous reports of prolonged prothrombin times, with or without bleeding, in etodolac-treated patients receiving concomitant warfarin therapy.	etodolac	warfarin	effect
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Phenylbutazone: Phenylbutazone causes increase (by about 80%) in the free fraction of etodolac.	Phenylbutazone	etodolac	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, Digoxin, Methotrexate Lodine, like other NSAIDs, through effects on renal prostaglandins, may cause changes in the elimination of these drugs leading to elevated serum levels of cyclosporine, digoxin, methotrexate, and increased toxicity.	Lodine	digoxin	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Short-term pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that concomitant administration of warfarin and Lodine  (etodolac capsules and tablets) results in reduced protein binding of warfarin, but there was no change in the clearance of free warfarin.	warfarin	etodolac	mechanism
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Warfarin: The effects of warfarin and NSAIDs on GI bleeding are synergistic, such that users of both drugs together have a risk of serious GI bleeding higher than that of users of either drug alone.	warfarin	NSAIDs	effect
Etodolac_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, clinical studies, as well as postmarketing observations have shown that Lodine can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	Lodine	furosemide	effect
Etodolac_ddi.xml	This interaction should be given consideration in patients taking NSAIDs concomitantly with ACE-inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE-inhibitors	advise
Etoposide_ddi.xml	High-dose cyclosporin A resulting in concentrations above 2000 ng/mL administered with oral etoposide has led to an 80% increase in etoposide exposure with a 38% decrease in total body clearance of etoposide compared to etoposide alone.	cyclosporin A	etoposide	mechanism
Etoposide_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised when administering ETOPOPHOS with drugs that are known to inhibit phosphatase activities (e.g., levamisole hydrochloride).	ETOPOPHOS	levamisole hydrochloride	advise
Exemestane_ddi.xml	Co-medications that induce CYP 3A4 (e.g., rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, or St. John s wort) may significantly decrease exposure to exemestane.	phenobarbital	exemestane	mechanism
Exemestane_ddi.xml	Co-medications that induce CYP 3A4 (e.g., rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, or St. John s wort) may significantly decrease exposure to exemestane.	phenytoin	exemestane	mechanism
Exemestane_ddi.xml	Co-medications that induce CYP 3A4 (e.g., rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, or St. John s wort) may significantly decrease exposure to exemestane.	carbamazepine	exemestane	mechanism
Exemestane_ddi.xml	Co-medications that induce CYP 3A4 (e.g., rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, or St. John s wort) may significantly decrease exposure to exemestane.	rifampicin	exemestane	mechanism
Famciclovir_ddi.xml	Concurrent use with probenecid or other drugs significantly eliminated by active renal tubular secretion may result in increased plasma concentrations of penciclovir.	probenecid	penciclovir	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital: It appears that phenobarbital may reduce plasma felbamate concentrations.	phenobarbital	felbamate	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: Carbamazepine causes an approximate 50% increase in the clearance of Felbatol  at steady state and, therefore, the addition of carbamazepine results in an approximate 40% decrease in the steady-state trough concentrations of Felbatol  as compared to the same dose of Felbatol  given as monotherapy.	Carbamazepine	Felbatol	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Effects of Other Antiepileptic Drugs on Felbatol  Phenytoin: Phenytoin causes an approximate doubling of the clearance of Felbatol  (felbamate) at steady state and, therefore, the addition of phenytoin causes an approximate 45% decrease in the steady-state trough concentrations of Felbatol  as compared to the same dose of Felbatol  given as monotherapy.	phenytoin	Felbatol	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Use in Conjunction with Other Antiepileptic Drugs: The addition of Felbatol  to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) affects the steady-state plasma concentrations of AEDs.	Felbatol	AEDs	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Effects of Other Antiepileptic Drugs on Felbatol  Phenytoin: Phenytoin causes an approximate doubling of the clearance of Felbatol  (felbamate) at steady state and, therefore, the addition of phenytoin causes an approximate 45% decrease in the steady-state trough concentrations of Felbatol  as compared to the same dose of Felbatol  given as monotherapy.	Phenytoin	felbamate	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Increasing the felbamate dose to 1800 mg/day in six of these subjects increased the steady-state phenytoin Cmin to 25 7 micrograms/mL.	felbamate	phenytoin	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: Carbamazepine causes an approximate 50% increase in the clearance of Felbatol  at steady state and, therefore, the addition of carbamazepine results in an approximate 40% decrease in the steady-state trough concentrations of Felbatol  as compared to the same dose of Felbatol  given as monotherapy.	carbamazepine	Felbatol	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital: Coadministration of felbamate with phenobarbital causes an increase in phenobarbital plasma concentrations, In 12 otherwise healthy male volunteers ingesting phenobarbital, the steady-state trough (Cmin) phenobarbital concentration was 14.2 micrograms/mL.	felbamate	phenobarbital	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: Felbatol  causes a decrease in the steady-state carbamazepine plasma concentrations and an increase in the steady-state carbamazepine epoxide plasma concentration.	Felbatol	carbamazepine	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Increasing the felbamate dose to 2400 mg/day increased the steadystate valproate Cmin to 96 25 micrograms/mL.	felbamate	valproate	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Specific Effects of Felbatol  on Other Antiepileptic Drugs Phenytoin: Felbatol  causes an increase in steady-state phenytoin plasma concentrations.	Felbatol	phenytoin	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	The carbamazepine steady-state Cmin decreased 31% to 5 1 micrograms/mL when felbamate (3000 mg/day, divided into three doses) was coadministered.	carbamazepine	felbamate	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	In order to maintain phenytoin levels, limit adverse experiences, and achieve the felbamate dose of 3600 mg/day, a phenytoin dose reduction of approximately 40% was necessary for eight of these 10 subjects.	felbamate	phenytoin	advise
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Effects of Other Antiepileptic Drugs on Felbatol  Phenytoin: Phenytoin causes an approximate doubling of the clearance of Felbatol  (felbamate) at steady state and, therefore, the addition of phenytoin causes an approximate 45% decrease in the steady-state trough concentrations of Felbatol  as compared to the same dose of Felbatol  given as monotherapy.	Phenytoin	Felbatol	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Valproate: Felbatol  causes an increase in steady-state valproate concentrations.	Felbatol	valproate	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Felbamate treatment resulted in a 42% decrease in the gestodene AUC 0-24, but no clinically relevant effect was observed on the pharmacokinetic parameters of ethinyl estradiol.	Felbamate	gestodene	mechanism
Felbamate_ddi.xml	Use in Conjunction with Other Antiepileptic Drugs: The addition of Felbatol  to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) affects the steady-state plasma concentrations of AEDs.	Felbatol	antiepileptic drugs	mechanism
Felodipine_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants: In a pharmacokinetic study, maximum plasma concentrations of felodipine were considerably lower in epileptic patients on long-term anticonvulsant therapy (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) than in healthy volunteers.	felodipine	anticonvulsant	mechanism
Felodipine_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants: In a pharmacokinetic study, maximum plasma concentrations of felodipine were considerably lower in epileptic patients on long-term anticonvulsant therapy (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) than in healthy volunteers.	felodipine	phenobarbital	mechanism
Felodipine_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants: In a pharmacokinetic study, maximum plasma concentrations of felodipine were considerably lower in epileptic patients on long-term anticonvulsant therapy (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) than in healthy volunteers.	felodipine	phenytoin	mechanism
Felodipine_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants: In a pharmacokinetic study, maximum plasma concentrations of felodipine were considerably lower in epileptic patients on long-term anticonvulsant therapy (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) than in healthy volunteers.	felodipine	carbamazepine	mechanism
Fenfluramine_ddi.xml	Fenfluramine may increase slightly the effect of antihypertensive drugs, e.g., guanethidine, methyldopa, reserpine.	Fenfluramine	guanethidine	effect
Fenfluramine_ddi.xml	Fenfluramine may increase slightly the effect of antihypertensive drugs, e.g., guanethidine, methyldopa, reserpine.	Fenfluramine	methyldopa	effect
Fenfluramine_ddi.xml	Other CNS depressant drugs should be used with caution in patients taking fenfluramine, since the effects may be additive.	CNS depressant drugs	fenfluramine	advise
Fenfluramine_ddi.xml	Fenfluramine may increase slightly the effect of antihypertensive drugs, e.g., guanethidine, methyldopa, reserpine.	Fenfluramine	antihypertensive drugs	effect
Fenfluramine_ddi.xml	Fenfluramine may increase slightly the effect of antihypertensive drugs, e.g., guanethidine, methyldopa, reserpine.	Fenfluramine	reserpine	effect
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of fenofibrate (equivalent to 145 mg TRICOR) with atorvastatin (20 mg) once daily for 10 days resulted in approximately 17% decrease (range from 67% decrease to 44% increase) in atorvastatin AUC values in 22 healthy males.	fenofibrate	atorvastatin	mechanism
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of fenofibrate (equivalent to 145mg TRICOR) with pravastatin (40 mg) once daily for 10 days has been shown to increase the mean Cmax and AUC values for pravastatin by 36% (range from 69% decrease to 321% increase) and 28% (range from 54% decrease to 128% increase), respectively, and for 3 -hydroxy-iso-pravastatin by 55% (range from 32% decrease to 314% increase) and 39% (range from 24% decrease to 261% increase), respectively in 23 healthy adults.	fenofibrate	pravastatin	mechanism
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Therefore, fenofibrate should be taken at least 1 hour before or 4-6 hours after a bile acid binding resin to avoid impeding its absorption .	fenofibrate	bile acid binding resin	advise
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors: The combined use of TRICOR and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors should be avoided unless the benefit of further alterations in lipid levels is likely to outweigh the increased risk of this drug combination.	TRICOR	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors	advise
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Oral Anticoagulants CAUTION SHOULD BE EXERCISED WHEN COUMARIN ANTICOAGULANTS ARE GIVEN IN CONJUNCTION WITH TRICOR.	COUMARIN ANTICOAGULANTS	TRICOR	advise
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of fenofibrate (equivalent to 145 mg TRICOR) with atorvastatin (20 mg) once daily for 10 days resulted in approximately 17% decrease (range from 67% decrease to 44% increase) in atorvastatin AUC values in 22 healthy males.	TRICOR	atorvastatin	mechanism
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Because cyclosporine can produce nephrotoxicity with decreases in creatinine clearance and rises in serum creatinine, and because renal excretion is the primary elimination route of fibrate drugs including TRICOR, there is a risk that an interaction will lead to deterioration.	cyclosporine	fibrate drugs	effect
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Because cyclosporine can produce nephrotoxicity with decreases in creatinine clearance and rises in serum creatinine, and because renal excretion is the primary elimination route of fibrate drugs including TRICOR, there is a risk that an interaction will lead to deterioration.	cyclosporine	TRICOR	effect
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Resins: Since bile acid sequestrants may bind other drugs given concurrently, patients should take TRICOR at least 1 hour before or 4-6 hours after a bile acid binding resin to avoid impeding its absorption.	TRICOR	bile acid binding resin	mechanism
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of fenofibrate (equivalent to 145mg TRICOR) with pravastatin (40 mg) once daily for 10 days has been shown to increase the mean Cmax and AUC values for pravastatin by 36% (range from 69% decrease to 321% increase) and 28% (range from 54% decrease to 128% increase), respectively, and for 3 -hydroxy-iso-pravastatin by 55% (range from 32% decrease to 314% increase) and 39% (range from 24% decrease to 261% increase), respectively in 23 healthy adults.	TRICOR	pravastatin	mechanism
Fenofibrate_ddi.xml	The benefits and risks of using TRICOR with immunosuppressants and other potentially nephrotoxic agents should be carefully considered, and the lowest effective dose employed	TRICOR	immunosuppressants	advise
Fenoldopam_ddi.xml	Drug Interactions with Beta-Blockers: Concomitant use of fenoldopam with beta-blockers should be avoided.	fenoldopam	beta-blockers	advise
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	When phenobarbital is added to or withdrawn from treatment, dosage adjustment of Nalfon may be required.	phenobarbital	Nalfon	advise
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	Because Nalfon has not been shown to produce any additional effect beyond that obtained with aspirin alone and because aspirin increases the rate of excretion of Nalfon, the concomitant use of Nalfon and salicylates is not recommended.	Nalfon	salicylates	advise
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	In patients receiving coumarin-type anticoagulants, the addition of Nalfon to therapy could prolong the prothrombin time.	coumarin-type anticoagulants	Nalfon	effect
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	Because Nalfon has not been shown to produce any additional effect beyond that obtained with aspirin alone and because aspirin increases the rate of excretion of Nalfon, the concomitant use of Nalfon and salicylates is not recommended.	aspirin	Nalfon	mechanism
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	The coadministration of aspirin decreases the biologic half-life of fenoprofen because of an increase in metabolic clearance that results in a greater amount of hydroxylated fenoprofen in the urine.	aspirin	fenoprofen	mechanism
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	Chronic administration of phenobarbital, a known enzyme inducer, may be associated with a decrease in the plasma half-life of fenoprofen.	phenobarbital	fenoprofen	mechanism
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	Patients treated with Nalfon may be resistant to the effects of loop diuretics.	Nalfon	loop diuretics	effect
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	In patients receiving Nalfon and a steroid concomitantly, any reduction in steroid dosage should be gradual in order to avoid the possible complications of sudden steroid withdrawal.	Nalfon	steroid	advise
Fenoprofen_ddi.xml	Although the mechanism of interaction between fenoprofen and aspirin is not totally known, enzyme induction and displacement of fenoprofen from plasma albumin binding sites are possibilities.	fenoprofen	aspirin	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	central nervous system depressants	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	hypnotics	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of transdermal fentanyl with ritonavir or other potent 3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole, itraconazole, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, nelfinavir, and nefazadone may result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations.	fentanyl	ritonavir	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	hypnotics	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	central nervous system depressants	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	benzodiazepines	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	phenothiazines	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	alcohol	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of transdermal fentanyl with ritonavir or other potent 3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole, itraconazole, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, nelfinavir, and nefazadone may result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations.	fentanyl	clarithromycin	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	MAO Inhibitors: DURAGESIC  is not recommended for use in patients who have received MAOI within 14 days because severe and unpredictable potentiation by MAO inhibitors has been reported with opioid analgesics	MAO inhibitors	opioid analgesics	advise
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of transdermal fentanyl with ritonavir or other potent 3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole, itraconazole, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, nelfinavir, and nefazadone may result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations.	fentanyl	ketoconazole	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	MAO Inhibitors: DURAGESIC  is not recommended for use in patients who have received MAOI within 14 days because severe and unpredictable potentiation by MAO inhibitors has been reported with opioid analgesics	DURAGESIC	MAOI	advise
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	skeletal muscle relaxants	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	opioids	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of other CYP3A4 inhibitors such as diltiazem and erythromycin with transdermal fentanyl may also result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations, which could increase or prolong adverse drug effects and may cause serious respiratory depression.	erythromycin	fentanyl	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	tranquilizers	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	opioids	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	anesthetics	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	sedatives	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	sedatives	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	alcohol	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	tranquilizers	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of transdermal fentanyl with ritonavir or other potent 3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole, itraconazole, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, nelfinavir, and nefazadone may result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations.	fentanyl	nelfinavir	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	phenothiazines	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	fentanyl	benzodiazepines	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	skeletal muscle relaxants	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	Central Nervous System Depressants: The concomitant use of DURAGESIC  (fentanyl transdermal system) with other central nervous system depressants, including but not limited to other opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, tranquilizers (e.g., benzodiazepines), general anesthetics, phenothiazines, skeletal muscle relaxants, and alcohol, may cause respiratory depression, hypotension, and profound sedation, or potentially result in coma or death.	DURAGESIC	anesthetics	effect
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of other CYP3A4 inhibitors such as diltiazem and erythromycin with transdermal fentanyl may also result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations, which could increase or prolong adverse drug effects and may cause serious respiratory depression.	diltiazem	fentanyl	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of transdermal fentanyl with ritonavir or other potent 3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole, itraconazole, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, nelfinavir, and nefazadone may result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations.	fentanyl	itraconazole	mechanism
Fentanyl_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of transdermal fentanyl with ritonavir or other potent 3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole, itraconazole, troleandomycin, clarithromycin, nelfinavir, and nefazadone may result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations.	fentanyl	troleandomycin	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	These studies indicate that ketoconazole or erythromycin co-administration enhances fexofenadine gastrointestinal absorption.	ketoconazole	fexofenadine	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	Drug Interactions with Antacids Administration of 120 mg of fexofenadine hydrochloride (2 x 60 mg capsule) within 15 minutes of an aluminum and magnesium containing antacid (Maalox ) decreased fexofenadine AUC by 41% and cmax by 43%.	fexofenadine hydrochloride	magnesium	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	This observed increase in the bioavailability of fexofenadine may be due to transport-related effects, such as p-glycoprotein. in vivo animal studies also suggest that in addition to enhancing absorption, ketoconazole decreases fexofenadine gastrointestinal secretion, while erythromycin may also decrease biliary excretion.	ketoconazole	fexofenadine	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	Drug Interactions with Antacids Administration of 120 mg of fexofenadine hydrochloride (2 x 60 mg capsule) within 15 minutes of an aluminum and magnesium containing antacid (Maalox ) decreased fexofenadine AUC by 41% and cmax by 43%.	fexofenadine hydrochloride	antacid	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	ALLEGRA should not be taken closely in time with aluminum and magnesium containing antacids.	ALLEGRA	aluminum	advise
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	These studies indicate that ketoconazole or erythromycin co-administration enhances fexofenadine gastrointestinal absorption.	erythromycin	fexofenadine	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	ALLEGRA should not be taken closely in time with aluminum and magnesium containing antacids.	ALLEGRA	magnesium	advise
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	Drug Interactions with Antacids Administration of 120 mg of fexofenadine hydrochloride (2 x 60 mg capsule) within 15 minutes of an aluminum and magnesium containing antacid (Maalox ) decreased fexofenadine AUC by 41% and cmax by 43%.	fexofenadine hydrochloride	aluminum	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	Drug Interactions with Antacids Administration of 120 mg of fexofenadine hydrochloride (2 x 60 mg capsule) within 15 minutes of an aluminum and magnesium containing antacid (Maalox ) decreased fexofenadine AUC by 41% and cmax by 43%.	fexofenadine hydrochloride	Maalox	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	However, co  administration of fexofenadine hydrochloride with either ketoconazole or erythromycin led to increased plasma concentrations of fexofenadine.	fexofenadine hydrochloride	ketoconazole	mechanism
Fexofenadine_ddi.xml	However, co  administration of fexofenadine hydrochloride with either ketoconazole or erythromycin led to increased plasma concentrations of fexofenadine.	fexofenadine hydrochloride	erythromycin	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	Limited data in patients receiving known enzyme inducers ( phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine ) indicate only a 30% increase in the rate of flecainide elimination.	carbamazepine	flecainide	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	Limited data in patients receiving known enzyme inducers ( phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine ) indicate only a 30% increase in the rate of flecainide elimination.	phenytoin	flecainide	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	The effects of concomitant administration of TAMBOCOR and propranolol on the PR interval were less than additive.	TAMBOCOR	propranolol	effect
Flecainide_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, the possibility of additive negative inotropic effects of beta blockers and flecainide should be recognized.	beta blockers	flecainide	effect
Flecainide_ddi.xml	In healthy subjects receiving cimetidine (1 gm daily) for one week, plasma flecainide levels increased by about 30% and half-life increased by about 10%.	cimetidine	flecainide	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	Limited data in patients receiving known enzyme inducers ( phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine ) indicate only a 30% increase in the rate of flecainide elimination.	phenobarbital	flecainide	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	Because both of these drugs have negative inotropic properties and the effects of coadministration with TAMBOCOR are unknown, neither disopyramide nor verapamil should be administered concurrently with TAMBOCOR unless, in the judgment of the physician, the benefits of this combination outweigh the risks.	disopyramide	TAMBOCOR	advise
Flecainide_ddi.xml	When amiodarone is added to flecainide therapy, plasma flecainide levels may increase two-fold or more in some patients, if flecainide dosage is not reduced.	amiodarone	flecainide	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	Because both of these drugs have negative inotropic properties and the effects of coadministration with TAMBOCOR are unknown, neither disopyramide nor verapamil should be administered concurrently with TAMBOCOR unless, in the judgment of the physician, the benefits of this combination outweigh the risks.	verapamil	TAMBOCOR	advise
Flecainide_ddi.xml	In a study involving healthy subjects receiving TAMBOCOR and propranolol concurrently, plasma flecainide levels were increased about 20% and propranolol levels were increased about 30% compared to control values.	TAMBOCOR	propranolol	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	Drugs that inhibit cytochrome P450IID6, such as quinidine , might increase the plasma concentrations of flecainide in patients that are on chronic flecainide therapy;	quinidine	flecainide	mechanism
Flecainide_ddi.xml	During administration of multiple oral doses of TAMBOCOR to healthy subjects stabilized on a maintenance dose of digoxin, a 13%-19% increase in plasma digoxin levels occurred at six hours postdose.	TAMBOCOR	digoxin	mechanism
Flucytosine_ddi.xml	Cytosine arabinoside, a cytostatic agent, has been reported to inactivate the antifungal activity of flucytosine by competitive inhibition.	Cytosine arabinoside	flucytosine	effect
Fludrocortisone_ddi.xml	Rarely salicylate toxicity may occur in patients who discontinue steroids after concurrent high-dose aspirin therapy.	steroids	aspirin	effect
Fludrocortisone_ddi.xml	Barbiturates, phenytoin, or rifampin increased metabolic clearance of fludrocortisone acetate because of the induction of hepatic enzymes.	phenytoin	fludrocortisone acetate	mechanism
Fludrocortisone_ddi.xml	Barbiturates, phenytoin, or rifampin increased metabolic clearance of fludrocortisone acetate because of the induction of hepatic enzymes.	rifampin	fludrocortisone acetate	mechanism
Fludrocortisone_ddi.xml	Barbiturates, phenytoin, or rifampin increased metabolic clearance of fludrocortisone acetate because of the induction of hepatic enzymes.	Barbiturates	fludrocortisone acetate	mechanism
Flumazenil_ddi.xml	ROMAZICON blocks the central effects of benzodiazepines by competitive interaction at the receptor level.	ROMAZICON	benzodiazepines	effect
Flumazenil_ddi.xml	Particular caution is necessary when using ROMAZICON in cases of mixed drug overdosage since the toxic effects (such as convulsions and cardiac dysrhythmias) of other drugs taken in overdose (especially cyclic antidepressants) may emerge with the reversal of the benzodiazepine effect by flumazenil.	ROMAZICON	cyclic antidepressants	effect
Flumazenil_ddi.xml	Although ROMAZICON exerts a slight intrinsic anticonvulsant effect, its abrupt suppression of the protective effect of a benzodiazepine agonist can give rise to convulsions in epileptic patients.	ROMAZICON	benzodiazepine	effect
Flumazenil_ddi.xml	The effects of nonbenzodiazepine agonists at benzodiazepine receptors, such as zopiclone, triazolopyridazines and others, are also blocked by ROMAZICON.	zopiclone	ROMAZICON	effect
Fluoxetine_ddi.xml	Wait 5 weeks after stopping escitalopram before starting a non-selective MAO inhibitor.	escitalopram	non-selective MAO inhibitor	advise
Fluoxetine_ddi.xml	Wait 2 weeks after stopping an MAO inhibitor before starting escitalopram.	MAO inhibitor	escitalopram	advise
Fluoxymesterone_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of oxyphenbutazone and androgens may result in elevated serum levels of oxyphenbutazone.	oxyphenbutazone	androgens	mechanism
Fluoxymesterone_ddi.xml	In diabetic patients, the metabolic effects of androgens may decrease blood glucose and therefore, insulin requirements.	androgens	insulin	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Although there was a slight reduction in blood sugar concentrations during concomitant administration of flurbiprofen and hypoglycemic agents, there were no signs or symptoms of hypoglycemia.	flurbiprofen	hypoglycemic agents	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Diuretics: Studies in normal volunteers have shown that flurbiprofen like other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, can interfere with the effects of furosemide.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	furosemide	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	The physician should be cautious when administering flurbiprofen to patients taking anticoagulants.	flurbiprofen	anticoagulants	advise
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Concurrent use of flurbiprofen and aspirin is therefore not recommended.	flurbiprofen	aspirin	advise
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Anticoagulants: Flurbiprofen like other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, has been shown to affect bleeding parameters in patients receiving anti-coagulants, and serious clinical bleeding has been reported.	Flurbiprofen	anti-coagulants	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Patients receiving flurbiprofen and furosemide or other diuretics should be observed closely to determine if the desired effect is obtained.	flurbiprofen	diuretics	advise
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Patients taking both flurbiprofen and a beta-blocker should be monitored to ensure that a satisfactory hypotensive effect is achieved.	flurbiprofen	beta-blocker	advise
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs that inhibit prostaglandin synthesis have been shown to interfere with thiazide diuretics in some studies and with potassium-sparing diuretics.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	thiazide diuretics	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Flurbiprofen pretreatment attenuated the hypotensive effect of a single dose of propranolol but not atenolol.	Flurbiprofen	propranolol	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Diuretics: Studies in normal volunteers have shown that flurbiprofen like other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, can interfere with the effects of furosemide.	flurbiprofen	furosemide	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Concurrent administration of aspirin and flurbiprofen resulted in 50% lower serum flurbiprofen concentrations.	aspirin	flurbiprofen	mechanism
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Anticoagulants: Flurbiprofen like other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, has been shown to affect bleeding parameters in patients receiving anti-coagulants, and serious clinical bleeding has been reported.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	anti-coagulants	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Cimetidine, Ranitidine: In normal volunteers (n=9), pretreatment with cimetidine or ranitidine did not affect flurbiprofen pharmacokinetics except that a small (13 %) but statistically significant increase in the area under the serum concentration curve of flurbiprofen resulted with cimetidine.	flurbiprofen	cimetidine	mechanism
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Patients receiving flurbiprofen and furosemide or other diuretics should be observed closely to determine if the desired effect is obtained.	flurbiprofen	furosemide	advise
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs that inhibit prostaglandin synthesis have been shown to interfere with thiazide diuretics in some studies and with potassium-sparing diuretics.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Flurbiprofen_ddi.xml	Flurbiprofen did not affect the pharmacokinetic profile of either drug, and the mechanism under lying the interference with propranolols hypotensive effect is unknown.	Flurbiprofen	propranolol	int
Flutamide_ddi.xml	Increases in prothrombin time have been noted in patients receiving long- term warfarin therapy after flutamide was initiated.	warfarin	flutamide	effect
Flutamide_ddi.xml	Therefore, close monitoring of prothrombin time is recommended and adjustment of the anticoagulant dose may be necessary when EULEXIN Capsules are administered concomitantly with warfarin.	EULEXIN	warfarin	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	This interaction, which has not been investigated using higher doses of fluvoxamine, may be more pronounced if a 300 mg daily dose is co-administered, particularly since fluvoxamine exhibits non-linear pharmacokinetics over the dosage range 100-300 mg. If alprazolam is co-administered with Fluvoxamine Tablets, the initial alprazolam dosage should be at least halved and titration to the lowest effective dose is recommended.	alprazolam	Fluvoxamine	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Alprazolam: When fluvoxamine maleate (100 mg qd) and alprazolam (1 mg q.d. were co-administered to steady state, plasma concentration and other pharmacokinetics parameters (AUC, Cmax, T1/2,) of alprazolam were approximately twice those observed when alprazolam was administered alone;	fluvoxamine maleate	alprazolam	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Warfarin: When fluvoxamine maleate (50 mg tid) was administered concomitantly with warfarin for two weeks, warfarin plasma concentrations increased by 98% and prothrombin times were prolonged.	fluvoxamine maleate	warfarin	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Diazepam: The co-administration of Fluvoxamine Tablets and diazepam is generally not advisable.	Fluvoxamine	diazepam	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Terfenadine, astemizole and cisapride are all metabolized by the cytochrome P450IIIA4 isozyme, and it has been demonstrated that ketoconazole, a potent inhibitor of IIIA4, blocks the metabolism of these drugs, resulting in increased plasma concentrations of parent drug.	astemizole	ketoconazole	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Other Potentially Important Drug Interactions: Benzodiazepines: Benzodiazepines metabolized by hepatic oxidation (e.g., alprazolam, midazolam, triazolam elc.) should be used with caution because the clearance of these drugs is likely to be reduced by fluvoxamine.	triazolam	fluvoxamine	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Moreover, as noted with alprazolam, the effect of fluvoxamine may even be more pronounced when it is administered at higher doses.	alprazolam	fluvoxamine	effect
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Terfenadine, astemizole and cisapride are all metabolized by the cytochrome P450IIIA4 isozyme, and it has been demonstrated that ketoconazole, a potent inhibitor of IIIA4, blocks the metabolism of these drugs, resulting in increased plasma concentrations of parent drug.	Terfenadine	ketoconazole	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving another serotonin reuptake inhibitor drug in combination with monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOI), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions including hyperthermia, rigidity, myoclonus, autonomic instability with possible rapid fluctuations of vital signs, and mental status changes that include extreme agitation progressing to delirium and coma.	serotonin reuptake inhibitor drug	MAOI	effect
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Although it has not been definitively demonstrated that fluvoxamine is a potent IIIA4 inhibitor, it is likely to be, given the substantial interaction of fluvoxamine with alprazolam.	fluvoxamine	alprazolam	int
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Because fluvoxamine reduces the clearance of both diazepam and its active metabolite, N-desmethyldiazepam, there is a strong likelihood of substantial accumulation of both species during chronic co-administration.	fluvoxamine	N-desmethyldiazepam	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Consequently, it is recommended that fluvoxamine not be used in combination with either terbinafine, astemizole, or cisapride.	fluvoxamine	cisapride	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Evidence supporting the conclusion that it is inadvisable to co-administer fluvoxamine and diazepam is derived from a study in which healthy volunteers taking 150 mg/day of fluvoxamine were administered a single oral dose of 10 mg of diazepam.	fluvoxamine	diazepam	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Terfenadine, astemizole and cisapride are all metabolized by the cytochrome P450IIIA4 isozyme, and it has been demonstrated that ketoconazole, a potent inhibitor of IIIA4, blocks the metabolism of these drugs, resulting in increased plasma concentrations of parent drug.	cisapride	ketoconazole	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	In patients receiving another serotonin reuptake inhibitor drug in combination with monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOI), there have been reports of serious, sometimes fatal, reactions including hyperthermia, rigidity, myoclonus, autonomic instability with possible rapid fluctuations of vital signs, and mental status changes that include extreme agitation progressing to delirium and coma.	serotonin reuptake inhibitor drug	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Consequently, it is recommended that fluvoxamine not be used in combination with either terbinafine, astemizole, or cisapride.	fluvoxamine	terbinafine	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Because fluvoxamine reduces the clearance of both diazepam and its active metabolite, N-desmethyldiazepam, there is a strong likelihood of substantial accumulation of both species during chronic co-administration.	fluvoxamine	diazepam	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Other Potentially Important Drug Interactions: Benzodiazepines: Benzodiazepines metabolized by hepatic oxidation (e.g., alprazolam, midazolam, triazolam elc.) should be used with caution because the clearance of these drugs is likely to be reduced by fluvoxamine.	midazolam	fluvoxamine	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Other Potentially Important Drug Interactions: Benzodiazepines: Benzodiazepines metabolized by hepatic oxidation (e.g., alprazolam, midazolam, triazolam elc.) should be used with caution because the clearance of these drugs is likely to be reduced by fluvoxamine.	alprazolam	fluvoxamine	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Consequently, it is recommended that fluvoxamine not be used in combination with either terbinafine, astemizole, or cisapride.	fluvoxamine	astemizole	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Thus patients receiving oral anticoagulants and Fluvoxamine Tablets should have their prothrombin time monitored and their anticoagulant dose adjusted accordingly.	anticoagulants	Fluvoxamine	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Other Potentially Important Drug Interactions: Benzodiazepines: Benzodiazepines metabolized by hepatic oxidation (e.g., alprazolam, midazolam, triazolam elc.) should be used with caution because the clearance of these drugs is likely to be reduced by fluvoxamine.	Benzodiazepines	fluvoxamine	mechanism
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	After stopping Fluvoxamine Tablets, at least 2 weeks should be allowed before starting a MAOI.	Fluvoxamine	MAOI	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Therefore, if theophylline is co-administered with fluvoxamine maleate, its dose should be reduced to one third of the usual daily maintenance dose and plasma concentrations of theophylline should to monitored.	theophylline	fluvoxamine maleate	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Accordingly, diazepam and fluvoxamine should not ordinarily be co-administered.	diazepam	fluvoxamine	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Therefore, it is recommended that Fluvoxamine Tablets not be used in combination with MAOIs, or within 14 days of discontinuing treatment with a MAOI.	Fluvoxamine	MAOIs	advise
Fluvoxamine_ddi.xml	Therefore, it is recommended that Fluvoxamine Tablets not be used in combination with MAOIs, or within 14 days of discontinuing treatment with a MAOI.	Fluvoxamine	MAOI	advise
Folic Acid_ddi.xml	Medications can interfere with folate utilization, including: anticonvulsant medications (such as phenytoin, and primidone) metformin (sometimes prescribed to control blood sugar in type 2 diabetes) sulfasalazine (used to control inflammation associated with Crohns disease and ulcerative colitis) triamterene (a diuretic) Methotrexate There has been concern about the interaction between vitamin B12 and folic acid.	vitamin B12	folic acid	int
Fomepizole_ddi.xml	Similarly, ethanol decreased the rate of elimination of Antizol (by approximately 50%) by the same mechanism.	ethanol	Antizol	mechanism
Fomepizole_ddi.xml	Reciprocal interactions may occur with concomitant use of Antizol and drugs that increase or inhibit the cytochrome P450 system (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, cimetidine, ketoconazole), though this has not been studied	Antizol	ketoconazole	mechanism
Fomepizole_ddi.xml	Reciprocal interactions may occur with concomitant use of Antizol and drugs that increase or inhibit the cytochrome P450 system (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, cimetidine, ketoconazole), though this has not been studied	Antizol	phenytoin	mechanism
Fomepizole_ddi.xml	Oral doses of Antizol (10-20 mg/kg), via alcohol dehydrogenase inhibition, significantly reduced the rate of elimination of ethanol (by approximately 40%) given to healthy volunteers in moderate doses.	Antizol	ethanol	mechanism
Fomepizole_ddi.xml	Reciprocal interactions may occur with concomitant use of Antizol and drugs that increase or inhibit the cytochrome P450 system (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, cimetidine, ketoconazole), though this has not been studied	Antizol	carbamazepine	mechanism
Fomepizole_ddi.xml	Reciprocal interactions may occur with concomitant use of Antizol and drugs that increase or inhibit the cytochrome P450 system (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, cimetidine, ketoconazole), though this has not been studied	Antizol	cimetidine	mechanism
Fondaparinux sodium_ddi.xml	In an in vitro study in human liver microsomes, inhibition of CYP2A6 hydroxylation of coumarin by fondaparinux (200 m m M i.e., 350 mg/L) was 17-28%.	coumarin	fondaparinux	mechanism
Formoterol_ddi.xml	Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors and Tricyclic Antidepressants: FORADIL should be administered with extreme caution in patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants because the action of formoterol on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	FORADIL	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Formoterol_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids, Methylxanthines and Diuretics: Concomitant treatment with xanthine derivatives, steroids, or diuretics may potentiate a possible hypokalemic effect of  beta2-agonists.	diuretics	beta2-agonists.	effect
Formoterol_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids, Methylxanthines and Diuretics: Concomitant treatment with xanthine derivatives, steroids, or diuretics may potentiate a possible hypokalemic effect of  beta2-agonists.	xanthine derivatives	beta2-agonists.	effect
Formoterol_ddi.xml	Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors and Tricyclic Antidepressants: FORADIL should be administered with extreme caution in patients being treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants because the action of formoterol on the cardiovascular system may be potentiated by these agents.	FORADIL	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	advise
Formoterol_ddi.xml	Corticosteroids, Methylxanthines and Diuretics: Concomitant treatment with xanthine derivatives, steroids, or diuretics may potentiate a possible hypokalemic effect of  beta2-agonists.	steroids	beta2-agonists.	effect
Formoterol_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of other sympathomimetic agents may potentiate the undesirable effects of FORADIL.	sympathomimetic agents	FORADIL	effect
Foscarnet_ddi.xml	Because of foscarnets tendency to cause renal impairment, the use of FOSCAVIR should be avoided in combination with potentially nephrotoxic drugs such as aminoglycosides, amphotericin B and intravenous pentamidine unless the potential benefits outweigh the risks to the patient.	FOSCAVIR	pentamidine	advise
Foscarnet_ddi.xml	Concomitant treatment of four patients in the United Kingdom with FOSCAVIR and intravenous pentamidine may have caused hypocalcemia;	FOSCAVIR	pentamidine	effect
Foscarnet_ddi.xml	Because of foscarnets tendency to cause renal impairment, the use of FOSCAVIR should be avoided in combination with potentially nephrotoxic drugs such as aminoglycosides, amphotericin B and intravenous pentamidine unless the potential benefits outweigh the risks to the patient.	FOSCAVIR	amphotericin B	advise
Foscarnet_ddi.xml	A possible drug interaction of FOSCAVIR and intravenous pentamidine has been described.	FOSCAVIR	pentamidine	int
Foscarnet_ddi.xml	Because of foscarnets tendency to cause renal impairment, the use of FOSCAVIR should be avoided in combination with potentially nephrotoxic drugs such as aminoglycosides, amphotericin B and intravenous pentamidine unless the potential benefits outweigh the risks to the patient.	FOSCAVIR	aminoglycosides	advise
Fosfomycin_ddi.xml	Metoclopramide: When coadministered with MONUROL, metoclopramide, a drug which increases gastrointestinal motility, lowers the serum concentration and urinary excretion of fosfomycin.	MONUROL	metoclopramide	mechanism
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Lithium: Increased serum lithium levels and symptoms of lithium toxicity have been reported in patients receiving ACE inhibitors during therapy with lithium.	ACE inhibitors	lithium	effect
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Antacids: In a clinical pharmacology study, coadministration of an antacid (aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide, and simethicone) with fosinopril reduced serum levels and urinary excretion of fosinoprilat as compared with fosinopril administered alone, suggesting that antacids may impair absorption of fosinopril.	magnesium hydroxide	fosinopril	mechanism
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Antacids: In a clinical pharmacology study, coadministration of an antacid (aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide, and simethicone) with fosinopril reduced serum levels and urinary excretion of fosinoprilat as compared with fosinopril administered alone, suggesting that antacids may impair absorption of fosinopril.	antacids	fosinopril	mechanism
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Diuretics: Patients on diuretics, especially those with intravascular volume depletion, may occasionally experience an excessive reduction of blood pressure after initiation of therapy with fosinopril sodium.	diuretics	fosinopril sodium	effect
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Antacids: In a clinical pharmacology study, coadministration of an antacid (aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide, and simethicone) with fosinopril reduced serum levels and urinary excretion of fosinoprilat as compared with fosinopril administered alone, suggesting that antacids may impair absorption of fosinopril.	aluminum hydroxide	fosinopril	mechanism
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Antacids: In a clinical pharmacology study, coadministration of an antacid (aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide, and simethicone) with fosinopril reduced serum levels and urinary excretion of fosinoprilat as compared with fosinopril administered alone, suggesting that antacids may impair absorption of fosinopril.	antacid	fosinopril	mechanism
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Antacids: In a clinical pharmacology study, coadministration of an antacid (aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide, and simethicone) with fosinopril reduced serum levels and urinary excretion of fosinoprilat as compared with fosinopril administered alone, suggesting that antacids may impair absorption of fosinopril.	simethicone	fosinopril	mechanism
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	Potassium Supplements and Potassium-Sparing Diuretics: Fosinopril sodium can attenuate potassium loss caused by thiazide diuretics.	Fosinopril sodium	thiazide diuretics	effect
Fosinopril_ddi.xml	The possibility of hypotensive effects can be minimized by either discontinuing the diuretic or increasing salt intake prior to initiation of treatment with fosinopril sodium.	diuretic	fosinopril sodium	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	salicylates	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	amiodarone	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs that may decrease plasma phenytoin concentrations include: carbamazepine, chronic alcohol abuse, reserpine	phenytoin	reserpine	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	anticoagulants	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	fluoxetine	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	estrogens	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	diazepam	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	coumarin	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	trazodone	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	methylphenidate	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	doxycycline	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	Similarly, the effects of phenytoin on phenobarbital, valproic acid and sodium plasma valproate concentrations are unpredictable	phenytoin	valproate	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs that may either increase or decrease plasma phenytoin concentrations include: phenobarbital, vaiproic acid, and sodium valproate.	phenytoin	phenobarbital	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	- Although not a true drug interaction, tricyclic antidepressants may precipitate seizures in susceptible patients and Cerebyx dosage may need to be adjusted	tricyclic antidepressants	Cerebyx	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	isoniazid	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	quinidine	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	disulfiram	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	vitamin D	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	alcohol	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	tolbutamide	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	sulfonamides	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	chlordiazepoxide	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	H2-antagonists	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	ethosuximide	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs that may decrease plasma phenytoin concentrations include: carbamazepine, chronic alcohol abuse, reserpine	phenytoin	carbamazepine	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	Similarly, the effects of phenytoin on phenobarbital, valproic acid and sodium plasma valproate concentrations are unpredictable	phenytoin	valproic acid	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	estrogens	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	phenothiazines	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs that may either increase or decrease plasma phenytoin concentrations include: phenobarbital, vaiproic acid, and sodium valproate.	phenytoin	sodium valproate	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	digitoxin	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	phenylbutazone	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs that may decrease plasma phenytoin concentrations include: carbamazepine, chronic alcohol abuse, reserpine	phenytoin	alcohol	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	contraceptives	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	cimetidine	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	halothane	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	theophylline	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	furosemide	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	dicumarol	mechanism
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	corticosteroids	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	drugs whose efficacy is impaired by phenytoin include: anticoagulants, corticosteroids, coumarin, digitoxin, doxycycline, estrogens, furosemide, oral contraceptives, rifampin, quinidine, theophylline, vitamin D.	phenytoin	rifampin	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	Similarly, the effects of phenytoin on phenobarbital, valproic acid and sodium plasma valproate concentrations are unpredictable	phenytoin	phenobarbital	effect
Fosphenytoin_ddi.xml	The most commonly occurring drug interactions are listed below: - Drugs that may increase plasma phenytoin concentrations include: acute alcohol intake, amiodarone, chboramphenicol, chlordiazepoxide, cimetidine, diazepam, dicumarol, disulfiram, estrogens, ethosuximide, fluoxetine, H2-antagonists, halothane, isoniazid, methylphenidate, phenothiazines, phenylbutazone, salicylates, succinimides, sulfonamides, tolbutamide, trazodone	phenytoin	succinimides	mechanism
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been reported, rarely, to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	paroxetine	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Due to a theoretical risk of a pharmacodynamic interaction, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and FROVA within 24 hours of each other should be avoided (see  a href= frova_od.htm#CI CONTRAINDICATIONS).	dihydroergotamine	FROVA	advise
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been reported, rarely, to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	SSRIs	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with frovatriptan and an SSRI is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	frovatriptan	SSRI	advise
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been reported, rarely, to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been reported, rarely, to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	fluvoxamine	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Due to a theoretical risk of a pharmacodynamic interaction, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and FROVA within 24 hours of each other should be avoided (see  a href= frova_od.htm#CI CONTRAINDICATIONS).	methysergide	FROVA	advise
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been reported, rarely, to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	fluoxetine	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Due to a theoretical risk of a pharmacodynamic interaction, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and FROVA within 24 hours of each other should be avoided (see  a href= frova_od.htm#CI CONTRAINDICATIONS).	ergot-type medications	FROVA	advise
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (e.g., fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline) have been reported, rarely, to cause weakness, hyperreflexia, and incoordination when coadministered with 5-HT1 agonists.	sertraline	5-HT1 agonists	effect
Frovatriptan_ddi.xml	Due to a theoretical risk of a pharmacodynamic interaction, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and FROVA within 24 hours of each other should be avoided (see  a href= frova_od.htm#CI CONTRAINDICATIONS).	ergotamine	FROVA	advise
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Furosemide may add to or potentiate the therapeutic effect of other antihypertensive drugs.	Furosemide	antihypertensive drugs	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Lithium generally should not be given with diuretics because they reduce lithiums renal clearance and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.	Lithium	diuretics	advise
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Furosemide should not be used concomitantly with ethacrynic acid because of the possibility of ototoxicity.	Furosemide	ethacrynic acid	advise
Furosemide_ddi.xml	There are case reports of patients who developed increased BUN, serum creatinine and serum potassium levels, and weight gain when furosemide was used in conjunction with NSAIDs.	furosemide	NSAIDs	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	The intake of furosemide and sucralfate should be separated by at least two hours.	furosemide	sucralfate	advise
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Tablets Simultaneous administration of sucralfate and furosemide tablets may reduce the natriuretic and antihypertensive effects of furosemide.	sucralfate	furosemide	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Furosemide has a tendency to antagonize the skeletal muscle relaxing effect of tubocurarine and may potentiate the action of succinylcholine.	Furosemide	tubocurarine	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Patients receiving high doses of salicylates concomitantly with furosemide, as in rheumatic disease, may experience salicylate toxicity at lower doses because of competitive renal excretory sites.	salicylates	furosemide	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Furosemide may increase the ototoxic potential of aminoglycoside antibiotics, especially in the presence of impaired renal function.	Furosemide	aminoglycoside antibiotics	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Literature reports indicate that coadministration of indomethacin may reduce the natriuretic and antihypertensive effects of furosemide in some patients by inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis.	indomethacin	furosemide	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Tablets, Injection, and Oral Solution One study in six subjects demonstrated that the combination of furosemide and acetylsalicylic acid temporarily reduced creatinine clearance in patients with chronic renal insufficiency.	furosemide	acetylsalicylic acid	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Furosemide may decrease arterial responsiveness to norepinephrine.	Furosemide	norepinephrine	effect
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Patients receiving both indomethacin and furosemide should be observed closely to determine if the desired diuretic and/or antihypertensive effect of furosemide is achieved.	indomethacin	furosemide	advise
Furosemide_ddi.xml	Furosemide has a tendency to antagonize the skeletal muscle relaxing effect of tubocurarine and may potentiate the action of succinylcholine.	Furosemide	succinylcholine	effect
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	Naproxen: Coadministration (N=18) of naproxen sodium capsules (250 mg) with Neurontin (125 mg) appears to increase the amount of gabapentin absorbed by 12% to 15%.	naproxen sodium	Neurontin	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	Morphine: A literature article reported that when a 60-mg controlled-release morphine capsule was administered 2 hours prior to a 600-mg Neurontin  capsule (N=12), mean gabapentin AUC increased by 44% compared to gabapentin administered without morphine.	morphine	Neurontin	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	The Cmax of norethindrone was 13% higher when it was coadministered with gabapentin;	norethindrone	gabapentin	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	Antacid (Maalox ): Maalox reduced the bioavailability of gabapentin (N=16) by about 20%.	Maalox	gabapentin	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	This small decrease in excretion of gabapentin by cimetidine is not expected to be of clinical importance.	gabapentin	cimetidine	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	This decrease in bioavailability was about 5% when gabapentin was administered 2 hours after Maalox.	gabapentin	Maalox	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: In the presence of cimetidine at 300 mg QID (N=12) the mean apparent oral clearance of gabapentin fell by 14% and creatinine clearance fell by 10%.	cimetidine	gabapentin	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	Hydrocodone increases gabapentin AUC values by 14%.	Hydrocodone	gabapentin	mechanism
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	It is recommended that gabapentin be taken at least 2 hours following Maalox administration.	gabapentin	Maalox	advise
Gabapentin_ddi.xml	Thus cimetidine appeared to alter the renal excretion of both gabapentin and creatinine, an endogenous marker of renal function.	cimetidine	gabapentin	mechanism
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that cause significant sustained elevation in gastric pH (histamine H2-receptor antagonists such as ranitidine or cimetidine) may reduce plasma concentrations of IRESSA and therefore potentially may reduce efficacy.	ranitidine	IRESSA	mechanism
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	International Normalized Ratio (INR) elevations and/or bleeding events have been reported in some patients taking warfarin while on IRESSA therapy.	warfarin	IRESSA	effect
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Substances that are potent inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (eg, ketoconazole and itraconazole) decrease gefitinib metabolism and increase gefitinib plasma concentrations.	itraconazole	gefitinib	mechanism
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that cause significant sustained elevation in gastric pH (histamine H2-receptor antagonists such as ranitidine or cimetidine) may reduce plasma concentrations of IRESSA and therefore potentially may reduce efficacy.	histamine H2-receptor antagonists	IRESSA	mechanism
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Phase II clinical trial data, where IRESSA and vinorelbine have been used concomitantly, indicate that IRESSA may exacerbate the neutropenic effect of vinorelbine.	IRESSA	vinorelbine	effect
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that cause significant sustained elevation in gastric pH (histamine H2-receptor antagonists such as ranitidine or cimetidine) may reduce plasma concentrations of IRESSA and therefore potentially may reduce efficacy.	cimetidine	IRESSA	mechanism
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Substances that are potent inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (eg, ketoconazole and itraconazole) decrease gefitinib metabolism and increase gefitinib plasma concentrations.	itraconazole	gefitinib	mechanism
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Substances that are potent inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (eg, ketoconazole and itraconazole) decrease gefitinib metabolism and increase gefitinib plasma concentrations.	ketoconazole	gefitinib	mechanism
Gefitinib_ddi.xml	Substances that are potent inhibitors of CYP3A4 activity (eg, ketoconazole and itraconazole) decrease gefitinib metabolism and increase gefitinib plasma concentrations.	ketoconazole	gefitinib	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Sucralfate should not be taken within 2 hours of FACTIVE.	Sucralfate	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of FACTIVE and calcium carbonate, cimetidine, omeprazole, or an estrogen/progesterone oral contraceptive produced minor changes in the pharmacokinetics of gemifloxacin, which were considered to be without clinical significance.	FACTIVE	progesterone	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of FACTIVE and calcium carbonate, cimetidine, omeprazole, or an estrogen/progesterone oral contraceptive produced minor changes in the pharmacokinetics of gemifloxacin, which were considered to be without clinical significance.	FACTIVE	omeprazole	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	The absorption of oral gemifloxacin is significantly reduced by the concomitant administration of an antacid containing aluminum and magnesium.	gemifloxacin	aluminum	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	ferrous sulfate	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	However, because some quinolones have been reported to enhance the anticoagulant effects of warfarin or its derivatives in patients, the prothrombin time or other suitable coagulation test should be closely monitored if a quinolone antimicrobial is administered concomitantly with warfarin or its derivatives.	quinolones	warfarin	effect
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of FACTIVE and calcium carbonate, cimetidine, omeprazole, or an estrogen/progesterone oral contraceptive produced minor changes in the pharmacokinetics of gemifloxacin, which were considered to be without clinical significance.	FACTIVE	calcium carbonate	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of FACTIVE and calcium carbonate, cimetidine, omeprazole, or an estrogen/progesterone oral contraceptive produced minor changes in the pharmacokinetics of gemifloxacin, which were considered to be without clinical significance.	FACTIVE	estrogen	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of FACTIVE with probenecid resulted in a 45% increase in systemic exposure to gemifloxacin.	FACTIVE	probenecid	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of FACTIVE and calcium carbonate, cimetidine, omeprazole, or an estrogen/progesterone oral contraceptive produced minor changes in the pharmacokinetics of gemifloxacin, which were considered to be without clinical significance.	FACTIVE	contraceptive	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	However, because some quinolones have been reported to enhance the anticoagulant effects of warfarin or its derivatives in patients, the prothrombin time or other suitable coagulation test should be closely monitored if a quinolone antimicrobial is administered concomitantly with warfarin or its derivatives.	quinolone antimicrobial	warfarin	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	Magnesium	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	didanosine	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	multivitamin preparations	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	Videx	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	aluminum	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	iron	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of FACTIVE and calcium carbonate, cimetidine, omeprazole, or an estrogen/progesterone oral contraceptive produced minor changes in the pharmacokinetics of gemifloxacin, which were considered to be without clinical significance.	FACTIVE	cimetidine	mechanism
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and/or aluminum-containing antacids, products containing ferrous sulfate (iron), multivitamin preparations containing zinc or other metal cations, or Videx (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be taken within 3 hours before or 2 hours after FACTIVE.	zinc	FACTIVE	advise
Gemifloxacin_ddi.xml	The absorption of oral gemifloxacin is significantly reduced by the concomitant administration of an antacid containing aluminum and magnesium.	gemifloxacin	magnesium	mechanism
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	A potential interaction between oral miconazole and oral hypoglycemic agents leading to severe hypoglycemia has been reported.	miconazole	hypoglycemic agents	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	salicylates	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	beta adrenergic blocking agents	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	coumarins	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	sulfonamides	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	A possible interaction between glyburide and ciprofloxacin, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, has been reported, resulting in a potentiation of the hypoglycemic action of glyburide.	glyburide	ciprofloxacin	int
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	chloramphenicol	effect
Glibenclamide_ddi.xml	The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	probenecid	effect
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	magnesium salicylate	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	salicylate	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	Arthropan	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	Disalcid	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	magnesium/choline salicylate	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	bismuth subsalicylate	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	aspirin	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	Magan	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	Pepto-Bismol	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	choline salicylate	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	Trilisate	advise
Glimepiride_ddi.xml	Before taking glimepiride, tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines: - aspirin or another salicylate such as magnesium/choline salicylate (Trilisate), salsalate (Disalcid, others), choline salicylate (Arthropan), magnesium salicylate (Magan), or bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol);	glimepiride	salsalate	advise
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	beta adrenergic blocking agents	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	azoles	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	probenecid	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	salicylates	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	A potential interaction between oral miconazole and oral hypoglycemic agents leading to severe hypoglycemia has been reported.	miconazole	hypoglycemic agents	int
Glipizide_ddi.xml	The effect of concomitant administration of fluconazole and glipizide has been demonstrated in a placebo-controlled crossover study in normal volunteers.	fluconazole	glipizide	int
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	The mean percentage increase in the glipizide AUC after fluconazole administration was 56.9% (range: 35 to 81).	glipizide	fluconazole	mechanism
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	coumarins	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	sulfonamides	effect
Glipizide_ddi.xml	Immediate and Extended Release Tablets The hypoglycemic action of sulfonylureas may be potentiated by certain drugs including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, some azoles and other drugs that are highly protein bound, salicylates, sulfonamides, chloramphenicol, probenecid, coumarins, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and beta adrenergic blocking agents.	sulfonylureas	chloramphenicol	effect
Glycopyrrolate_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of Robinul Injection with other anticholinergics or medications with anticholinergic activity, such as phenothiazines, antiparkinson drugs, or tricyclic antidepressants, may intensify the antimuscarinic effects and may result in an increase in anticholinergic side effects.	Robinul	phenothiazines	effect
Glycopyrrolate_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of Robinul Injection with other anticholinergics or medications with anticholinergic activity, such as phenothiazines, antiparkinson drugs, or tricyclic antidepressants, may intensify the antimuscarinic effects and may result in an increase in anticholinergic side effects.	Robinul	antiparkinson drugs	effect
Glycopyrrolate_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of Robinul Injection and potassium chloride in a wax matrix may increase the severity of potassium chloride-induced gastrointestinal lesions as a result of a slower gastrointestinal transit time.	Robinul	potassium chloride	mechanism
Glycopyrrolate_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of Robinul Injection with other anticholinergics or medications with anticholinergic activity, such as phenothiazines, antiparkinson drugs, or tricyclic antidepressants, may intensify the antimuscarinic effects and may result in an increase in anticholinergic side effects.	Robinul	anticholinergics	effect
Glycopyrrolate_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of Robinul Injection with other anticholinergics or medications with anticholinergic activity, such as phenothiazines, antiparkinson drugs, or tricyclic antidepressants, may intensify the antimuscarinic effects and may result in an increase in anticholinergic side effects.	Robinul	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Gonadorelin_ddi.xml	The response to Factrel may be blunted by phenothiazines and dopamine antagonists which cause a rise in prolactin.	Factrel	phenothiazines	effect
Gonadorelin_ddi.xml	The response to Factrel may be blunted by phenothiazines and dopamine antagonists which cause a rise in prolactin.	Factrel	dopamine antagonists	effect
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	zinc	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Caffeine Theobromine Grepafloxacin, like other quinolones, may inhibit the metabolism of caffeine and theobromine.	quinolones	caffeine	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	magnesium	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	However, because some quinolones have been reported to enhance the effects of warfarin or its derivatives, prothrombin time or other suitable anticoagulation test should be monitored closely if a quinolone antimicrobial is administered with warfarin or its derivatives.	quinolones	warfarin	effect
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	multivitamins	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Antidiabetic Agents: Disturbances of blood glucose, including hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, have been reported in patients treated concomitantly with quinolones and an antidiabetic agent.	quinolones	antidiabetic agent	effect
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	aluminum	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Drugs Metabolized by Cytochrome P450 Enzymes The drug interaction study evaluating the effect of grepafloxacin on theophylline indicates that grepafloxacin inhibits theophylline metabolism, which is mediated by CYP1A2.	grepafloxacin	theophylline	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Theophylline: Grepafloxacin is a competitive inhibitor of the metabolism of theophylline.	Grepafloxacin	theophylline	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	In addition, other quinolones have been reported to decrease the CYP3A4-mediated metabolism of cyclosporine.	quinolones	cyclosporine	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	sucralfate	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	iron	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Serum theophylline concentrations increase when grepafloxacin is initiated in a patient maintained on theophylline.	grepafloxacin	theophylline	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	VIDEX	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	However, because some quinolones have been reported to enhance the effects of warfarin or its derivatives, prothrombin time or other suitable anticoagulation test should be monitored closely if a quinolone antimicrobial is administered with warfarin or its derivatives.	quinolone antimicrobial	warfarin	advise
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	When initiating a multi-day course of grepafloxacin in a patient maintained on theophylline, the theophylline maintenance dose should be halved for the period of concurrent use of grepafloxacin and monitoring of serum theophylline concentrations should be initiated as a guide to further dosage adjustments.	theophylline	grepafloxacin	advise
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Caffeine Theobromine Grepafloxacin, like other quinolones, may inhibit the metabolism of caffeine and theobromine.	Grepafloxacin	caffeine	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	calcium	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	didanosine	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Administration of quinolones with antacids containing aluminum, magnesium, or calcium, with sucralfate, with metal cations such as iron, or with multivitamins containing iron or zinc, or with formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as VIDEX (didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution, may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic concentrations considerably lower than desired.	quinolones	iron	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Caffeine Theobromine Grepafloxacin, like other quinolones, may inhibit the metabolism of caffeine and theobromine.	quinolones	theobromine	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Caffeine Theobromine Grepafloxacin, like other quinolones, may inhibit the metabolism of caffeine and theobromine.	Grepafloxacin	theobromine	mechanism
Grepafloxacin_ddi.xml	Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs): The concomitant administration of a nonsteroidal anti inflammatory drug with a quinolone may increase the risks of CNS stimulation and convulsions.	nonsteroidal anti inflammatory drug	quinolone	effect
Griseofulvin_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of barbiturates usually depresses griseofulvin activity and may necessitate raising the dosage.	barbiturates	griseofulvin	effect
Griseofulvin_ddi.xml	The concomitant administration of griseofulvin has been reported to reduce the efficacy of oral contraceptives and to increase the incidence of breakthrough bleeding.	griseofulvin	contraceptives	effect
Griseofulvin_ddi.xml	Patients on warfarin-type anticoagulant therapy may require dosage adjustment of the anticoagulant during and after griseofulvin therapy.	warfarin-type anticoagulant	griseofulvin	advise
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	The use of codeine may result in additive CNS depressant effects when coadministered with alcohol, antihistamines, psychotropics or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	codeine	antihistamines	effect
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	Serious toxicity may result if dextromethorphan is coadministered with monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs).	dextromethorphan	MAOIs	effect
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	The use of codeine may result in additive CNS depressant effects when coadministered with alcohol, antihistamines, psychotropics or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	codeine	psychotropics	effect
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	The use of dextromethorphan hydrobromide may result in additive CNS depressant effects when coadministered with alcohol, antihistamines, psychotropics or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	dextromethorphan hydrobromide	antihistamines	effect
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	The use of codeine may result in additive CNS depressant effects when coadministered with alcohol, antihistamines, psychotropics or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	codeine	alcohol	effect
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	The use of dextromethorphan hydrobromide may result in additive CNS depressant effects when coadministered with alcohol, antihistamines, psychotropics or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	dextromethorphan hydrobromide	alcohol	effect
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	The use of dextromethorphan hydrobromide may result in additive CNS depressant effects when coadministered with alcohol, antihistamines, psychotropics or other drugs that produce CNS depression.	dextromethorphan hydrobromide	psychotropics	effect
Guaifenesin_ddi.xml	Serious toxicity may result if dextromethorphan is coadministered with monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs).	dextromethorphan	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Guanfacine_ddi.xml	The administration of guanfacine concomitantly with known microsomal enzyme inducer (phenobarbital or phenytoin) to two patients with renal impairment reportedly resulted in significant reductions in elimination half-life and plasma concentration.	guanfacine	phenobarbital	mechanism
Guanfacine_ddi.xml	Noncardioselective beta-blockers (nadolol,porpranolol,timolol) may exacerbate rebound hypertension when guanfacine is withdrawn.	Noncardioselective beta-blockers	guanfacine	effect
Guanfacine_ddi.xml	The administration of guanfacine concomitantly with known microsomal enzyme inducer (phenobarbital or phenytoin) to two patients with renal impairment reportedly resulted in significant reductions in elimination half-life and plasma concentration.	guanfacine	phenytoin	mechanism
Guanfacine_ddi.xml	Noncardioselective beta-blockers (nadolol,porpranolol,timolol) may exacerbate rebound hypertension when guanfacine is withdrawn.	timolol	guanfacine	effect
Guanfacine_ddi.xml	The potential for increased sedation when guanfacine is given with other CNS-depressant drug should be appreciated.	guanfacine	CNS-depressant drug	effect
Guanfacine_ddi.xml	Noncardioselective beta-blockers (nadolol,porpranolol,timolol) may exacerbate rebound hypertension when guanfacine is withdrawn.	nadolol	guanfacine	effect
Guanfacine_ddi.xml	TCAs decrease the hypotensive effect of guanfacine.	TCAs	guanfacine	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	HALDOL	anesthetics	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	In a study of 12 schizophrenic patients coadministered oral haloperidol and rifampin, plasma haloperidol levels were decreased by a mean of 70% and mean scores on the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale were increased from baseline.	haloperidol	rifampin	mechanism
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	HALDOL	CNS depressants	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	Thus, careful monitoring of clinical status is warranted when rifampin is administered or discontinued in haloperidol-treated patients.	rifampin	haloperidol	advise
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	antipsychotic agents	opiates	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	In 5 other schizophrenic patients treated with oral haloperidol and rifampin, discontinuation of rifampin produced a mean 3.3-fold increase in haloperidol concentrations.	rifampin	haloperidol	mechanism
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	HALDOL	alcohol	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	An encephalopathic syndrome (characterized by weakness, lethargy, fever, tremulousness and confusion, extrapyramidal symptoms, leukocytosis, elevated serum enzymes, BUN, and FBS) followed by irreversible brain damage has occurred in a few patients treated with lithium plus HALDOL.	lithium	HALDOL	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	HALDOL	opiates	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	antipsychotic agents	alcohol	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	antipsychotic agents	CNS depressants	effect
Haloperidol_ddi.xml	As with other antipsychotic agents, it should be noted that HALDOL may be capable of potentiating CNS depressants such as anesthetics, opiates, and alcohol.	antipsychotic agents	anesthetics	effect
Halothane_ddi.xml	FLUOTHANE augments the action of non-depolarising muscle relaxants and the muscle relaxant effects of aminoglycosides.	FLUOTHANE	aminoglycosides	effect
Halothane_ddi.xml	FLUOTHANE augments the action of non-depolarising muscle relaxants and the muscle relaxant effects of aminoglycosides.	FLUOTHANE	non-depolarising muscle relaxant	effect
Halothane_ddi.xml	FLUOTHANE may augment the hypotension caused by the ganglionic-blocking effect of tubocurarine.	FLUOTHANE	tubocurarine	effect
Halothane_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised during the administration of adrenaline to patients anaesthetised with FLUOTHANE as arrhythmias may be precipitated.	adrenaline	FLUOTHANE	advise
Heparin_ddi.xml	Drugs Decreasing Heparin Effect: Digitalis, tetracyclines, nicotine, or antihistamines may partially counteract the anticoagulant action of heparin sodium.	antihistamines	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Thus in order to avoid bleeding, reduced dosage of heparin is recommended during treatment with antithrombin III (human).	heparin	antithrombin III	advise
Heparin_ddi.xml	Platelet inhibitors: Drugs such as acetylsalicylic acid, dextran, phenylbutazone, ibuprofen, indomethacin, dipyridamole, hydroxychloroquine and others that interfere with platelet-aggregation reactions (the main hemostatic defense of heparinized patients) may induce bleeding and should be used with caution in patients receiving heparin sodium.	acetylsalicylic acid	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Platelet inhibitors: Drugs such as acetylsalicylic acid, dextran, phenylbutazone, ibuprofen, indomethacin, dipyridamole, hydroxychloroquine and others that interfere with platelet-aggregation reactions (the main hemostatic defense of heparinized patients) may induce bleeding and should be used with caution in patients receiving heparin sodium.	dextran	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Drugs Decreasing Heparin Effect: Digitalis, tetracyclines, nicotine, or antihistamines may partially counteract the anticoagulant action of heparin sodium.	tetracyclines	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Drugs Decreasing Heparin Effect: Digitalis, tetracyclines, nicotine, or antihistamines may partially counteract the anticoagulant action of heparin sodium.	nicotine	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Platelet inhibitors: Drugs such as acetylsalicylic acid, dextran, phenylbutazone, ibuprofen, indomethacin, dipyridamole, hydroxychloroquine and others that interfere with platelet-aggregation reactions (the main hemostatic defense of heparinized patients) may induce bleeding and should be used with caution in patients receiving heparin sodium.	ibuprofen	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Platelet inhibitors: Drugs such as acetylsalicylic acid, dextran, phenylbutazone, ibuprofen, indomethacin, dipyridamole, hydroxychloroquine and others that interfere with platelet-aggregation reactions (the main hemostatic defense of heparinized patients) may induce bleeding and should be used with caution in patients receiving heparin sodium.	indomethacin	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Platelet inhibitors: Drugs such as acetylsalicylic acid, dextran, phenylbutazone, ibuprofen, indomethacin, dipyridamole, hydroxychloroquine and others that interfere with platelet-aggregation reactions (the main hemostatic defense of heparinized patients) may induce bleeding and should be used with caution in patients receiving heparin sodium.	phenylbutazone	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	The anticoagulant effect of heparin is enhanced by concurrent treatment with antithrombin III (human) in patients with hereditary antithrombin III deficiency.	heparin	antithrombin III	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Platelet inhibitors: Drugs such as acetylsalicylic acid, dextran, phenylbutazone, ibuprofen, indomethacin, dipyridamole, hydroxychloroquine and others that interfere with platelet-aggregation reactions (the main hemostatic defense of heparinized patients) may induce bleeding and should be used with caution in patients receiving heparin sodium.	dipyridamole	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Platelet inhibitors: Drugs such as acetylsalicylic acid, dextran, phenylbutazone, ibuprofen, indomethacin, dipyridamole, hydroxychloroquine and others that interfere with platelet-aggregation reactions (the main hemostatic defense of heparinized patients) may induce bleeding and should be used with caution in patients receiving heparin sodium.	hydroxychloroquine	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Drugs Decreasing Heparin Effect: Digitalis, tetracyclines, nicotine, or antihistamines may partially counteract the anticoagulant action of heparin sodium.	Digitalis	heparin sodium	effect
Heparin_ddi.xml	Therefore, when heparin sodium is given with dicumarol or warfarin sodium, a period of at least 5 hours after the last intravenous dose or 24 hours after the last subcutaneous dose should elapse before blood is drawn if a valid prothrombin time is to be obtained.	heparin sodium	dicumarol	advise
Heparin_ddi.xml	Therefore, when heparin sodium is given with dicumarol or warfarin sodium, a period of at least 5 hours after the last intravenous dose or 24 hours after the last subcutaneous dose should elapse before blood is drawn if a valid prothrombin time is to be obtained.	heparin sodium	warfarin sodium	advise
Heroin_ddi.xml	In combination with other central nervous system depressants, heroin may still kill even experienced users, particularly if their tolerance to the drug has reduced or the strength of their usual dose has increased.	central nervous system depressants	heroin	effect
Heroin_ddi.xml	Toxicology studies of heroin-related deaths reveal frequent involvement of other central nervous system depressants, including alcohol, benzodiazepines such as diazepam (Valium), and, to a rising degree, methadone.	heroin	methadone	effect
Heroin_ddi.xml	Toxicology studies of heroin-related deaths reveal frequent involvement of other central nervous system depressants, including alcohol, benzodiazepines such as diazepam (Valium), and, to a rising degree, methadone.	heroin	diazepam	effect
Heroin_ddi.xml	Toxicology studies of heroin-related deaths reveal frequent involvement of other central nervous system depressants, including alcohol, benzodiazepines such as diazepam (Valium), and, to a rising degree, methadone.	heroin	central nervous system depressants	effect
Heroin_ddi.xml	Cocaine sometimes proves to be fatal when used in combination with heroin.	Cocaine	heroin	effect
Heroin_ddi.xml	Toxicology studies of heroin-related deaths reveal frequent involvement of other central nervous system depressants, including alcohol, benzodiazepines such as diazepam (Valium), and, to a rising degree, methadone.	heroin	Valium	effect
Heroin_ddi.xml	Toxicology studies of heroin-related deaths reveal frequent involvement of other central nervous system depressants, including alcohol, benzodiazepines such as diazepam (Valium), and, to a rising degree, methadone.	heroin	alcohol	effect
Heroin_ddi.xml	Toxicology studies of heroin-related deaths reveal frequent involvement of other central nervous system depressants, including alcohol, benzodiazepines such as diazepam (Valium), and, to a rising degree, methadone.	heroin	benzodiazepines	effect
Hydralazine_ddi.xml	Propranolol increases hydralazines serum concentrations.	Propranolol	hydralazine	mechanism
Hydralazine_ddi.xml	NSAIDs may decrease the hemodynamic effects of hydralazine;	NSAIDs	hydralazine	effect
Hydralazine_ddi.xml	When other potent parental antihypertensive drugs, such as diazoxide, are used in combination with hydralazine, patients should be continuously observed for several hours for any excessive fall in blood pressure.	antihypertensive drugs	diazoxide	effect
Hydralazine_ddi.xml	When other potent parental antihypertensive drugs, such as diazoxide, are used in combination with hydralazine, patients should be continuously observed for several hours for any excessive fall in blood pressure.	antihypertensive drugs	hydralazine	effect
Hydralazine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors should be used with caution in patients receiving hydralazine.	MAO inhibitors	hydralazine	advise
Hydralazine_ddi.xml	Profound hypotensive episodes may occur when diazoxide infection and hydralazine are used concomitantly.	diazoxide	hydralazine	effect
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Single doses of either cholestyramine or colestipol resins bind the hydrochlorothiazide and reduce its absorption from the gastrointestinal tract by up to 85 and 43 percent, respectively.	colestipol	hydrochlorothiazide	mechanism
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Lithium: generally should not be given with diuretics.	Lithium	diuretics	advise
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs: In some patients, the administration of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	loop diuretics	effect
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs: In some patients, the administration of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine and colestipol resins: Absorption of hydrochlorothiazide is impaired in the presence of anionic exchange resins.	hydrochlorothiazide	anionic exchange resins	mechanism
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Diuretic agents reduce the renal clearance of lithium and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.	Diuretic agents	lithium	mechanism
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Diuretic agents reduce the renal clearance of lithium and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.	Diuretic agents	lithium	effect
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs: In some patients, the administration of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing and thiazide diuretics.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	thiazide diuretics	effect
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Therefore, when Hydrochlorothiazide and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents are used concomitantly, the patient should be observed closely to determine if the desired effect of the diuretic is obtained.	Hydrochlorothiazide	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents	advise
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Single doses of either cholestyramine or colestipol resins bind the hydrochlorothiazide and reduce its absorption from the gastrointestinal tract by up to 85 and 43 percent, respectively.	cholestyramine	hydrochlorothiazide	mechanism
Hydrochlorothiazide_ddi.xml	Refer to the package insert for lithium preparations before use of such preparations with Hydrochlorothiazide.	lithium	Hydrochlorothiazide	advise
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	The use of MAO inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants with hydrocodone preparations may increase the effect of either the antidepressant or hydrocodone.	MAO inhibitors	hydrocodone	effect
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	The use of MAO inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants with hydrocodone preparations may increase the effect of either the antidepressant or hydrocodone.	tricyclic antidepressants	hydrocodone	effect
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, antipsychotics, antianxiety agents, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with hydrocodone and acetaminophen tablets may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	antianxiety agents	hydrocodone	effect
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	The concurrent use of anticholinergics with hydrocodone may produce paralytic ileus.	anticholinergics	hydrocodone	effect
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, antipsychotics, antianxiety agents, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with hydrocodone and acetaminophen tablets may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	antipsychotics	hydrocodone	effect
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, antipsychotics, antianxiety agents, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with hydrocodone and acetaminophen tablets may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	CNS depressants	hydrocodone	effect
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, antipsychotics, antianxiety agents, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with hydrocodone and acetaminophen tablets may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	alcohol	hydrocodone	effect
Hydrocodone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, antipsychotics, antianxiety agents, or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with hydrocodone and acetaminophen tablets may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	narcotic analgesics	hydrocodone	effect
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	(Concurrent use with thiazide diuretics may enhance the possibility of digitalis toxicity associated with hypokalemia.)	thiazide diuretics	digitalis	effect
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	(In some patients, the steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium sparing, and thiazide diuretics.	steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	thiazide diuretics	effect
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	(Thiazide drugs may increase the responsiveness to tubocurarine.)	Thiazide drugs	tubocurarine	effect
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	for adult-onset diabetics, dosage adjustment of hypoglycemic medications may be necessary during and after thiazide diuretic therapy;	hypoglycemic medications	thiazide diuretic	advise
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	(In some patients, the steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium sparing, and thiazide diuretics.	steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	loop diuretics	effect
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	Therefore, when hydroflumethiazide and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents are used concomitantly, the patient should be observed closely to determine if the desired effect of the diuretic is obtained.)	hydroflumethiazide	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	advise
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	(In some patients, the steroidal anti-inflammatory agent can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium sparing, and thiazide diuretics.	steroidal anti-inflammatory agent	potassium sparing diuretics	effect
Hydroflumethiazide_ddi.xml	(Thiazides may decrease arterial responsiveness to norepinephrine.	Thiazides	norepinephrine	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	sedative-hypnotics	DILAUDID	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	anesthetics	DILAUDID	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	phenothiazines	DILAUDID	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	narcotic analgesic	DILAUDID	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	alcohol	DILAUDID	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	tranquilizers	DILAUDID	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	tricyclic antidepressants	DILAUDID	effect
Hydromorphone_ddi.xml	Patients receiving other narcotic analgesics, general anesthetics, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, sedative-hypnotics, tricyclic antidepressants or other CNS depressants (including alcohol) concomitantly with DILAUDID may exhibit an additive CNS depression.	CNS depressants	DILAUDID	effect
Hydroxyurea_ddi.xml	Since hydroxyurea may raise the serum uric acid level, dosage adjustment of uricosuric medication may be necessary	hydroxyurea	uricosuric medication	effect
Hydroxyzine_ddi.xml	THE POTENTIATING ACTION OF HYDROXYZINE MUST BE CONSIDERED WHEN THE DRUG IS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM DEPRESSANTS SUCH AS NARCOTICS, NON-NARCOTIC ANALGESICS AND BARBITURATES.	HYDROXYZINE	NARCOTICS	effect
Hydroxyzine_ddi.xml	THE POTENTIATING ACTION OF HYDROXYZINE MUST BE CONSIDERED WHEN THE DRUG IS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM DEPRESSANTS SUCH AS NARCOTICS, NON-NARCOTIC ANALGESICS AND BARBITURATES.	HYDROXYZINE	NON-NARCOTIC ANALGESICS	effect
Hydroxyzine_ddi.xml	Therefore when central nervous system depressants are administered concomitantly with hydroxyzine their dosage should be reduced.	central nervous system depressants	hydroxyzine	advise
Hydroxyzine_ddi.xml	THE POTENTIATING ACTION OF HYDROXYZINE MUST BE CONSIDERED WHEN THE DRUG IS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM DEPRESSANTS SUCH AS NARCOTICS, NON-NARCOTIC ANALGESICS AND BARBITURATES.	HYDROXYZINE	CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM DEPRESSANTS	effect
Hydroxyzine_ddi.xml	THE POTENTIATING ACTION OF HYDROXYZINE MUST BE CONSIDERED WHEN THE DRUG IS USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM DEPRESSANTS SUCH AS NARCOTICS, NON-NARCOTIC ANALGESICS AND BARBITURATES.	HYDROXYZINE	BARBITURATES	effect
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Additive adverse effects resulting from cholinergic blockade may occur when LEVSIN is administered concomitantly with other antimuscarinics, amantadine, haloperidol, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or some antihistamines.	LEVSIN	amantadine	effect
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Additive adverse effects resulting from cholinergic blockade may occur when LEVSIN is administered concomitantly with other antimuscarinics, amantadine, haloperidol, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or some antihistamines.	LEVSIN	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Additive adverse effects resulting from cholinergic blockade may occur when LEVSIN is administered concomitantly with other antimuscarinics, amantadine, haloperidol, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or some antihistamines.	LEVSIN	haloperidol	effect
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Additive adverse effects resulting from cholinergic blockade may occur when LEVSIN is administered concomitantly with other antimuscarinics, amantadine, haloperidol, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or some antihistamines.	LEVSIN	antimuscarinics	effect
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Antacids may interfere with the absorption of LEVSIN.	Antacids	LEVSIN	mechanism
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Additive adverse effects resulting from cholinergic blockade may occur when LEVSIN is administered concomitantly with other antimuscarinics, amantadine, haloperidol, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or some antihistamines.	LEVSIN	antihistamines	effect
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Additive adverse effects resulting from cholinergic blockade may occur when LEVSIN is administered concomitantly with other antimuscarinics, amantadine, haloperidol, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or some antihistamines.	LEVSIN	phenothiazines	effect
Hyoscyamine_ddi.xml	Additive adverse effects resulting from cholinergic blockade may occur when LEVSIN is administered concomitantly with other antimuscarinics, amantadine, haloperidol, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants or some antihistamines.	LEVSIN	monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors	effect
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	Ibandronate should be taken at least 60 minutes before any oral medications containing multivalent cations (including antacids, supplements or vitamins).	Ibandronate	vitamins	advise
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	Products containing calcium and other multivalent cations (such as aluminum, magnesium, iron) are likely to interfere with absorption of Ibandronate.	aluminum	Ibandronate	mechanism
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	However, since aspirin, NSAIDs, and bisphosphonates are all associated with gastrointestinal irritation, caution should be exercised in the concomitant use of aspirin or NSAIDs with Ibandronate.	NSAIDs	Ibandronate	advise
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	Products containing calcium and other multivalent cations (such as aluminum, magnesium, iron) are likely to interfere with absorption of Ibandronate.	iron	Ibandronate	mechanism
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	However, since aspirin, NSAIDs, and bisphosphonates are all associated with gastrointestinal irritation, caution should be exercised in the concomitant use of aspirin or NSAIDs with Ibandronate.	aspirin	Ibandronate	advise
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	Products containing calcium and other multivalent cations (such as aluminum, magnesium, iron) are likely to interfere with absorption of Ibandronate.	magnesium	Ibandronate	mechanism
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	Ibandronate should be taken at least 60 minutes before any oral medications containing multivalent cations (including antacids, supplements or vitamins).	Ibandronate	antacids	advise
Ibandronate_ddi.xml	Products containing calcium and other multivalent cations (such as aluminum, magnesium, iron) are likely to interfere with absorption of Ibandronate.	calcium	Ibandronate	mechanism
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	However, because bleeding has been reported when ibuprofen and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents have been administered to patients on coumarin-type anticoagulants, the physician should be cautious when administering ibuprofen to patients on anticoagulants.	ibuprofen	anticoagulants	advise
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Animal studies wshow that aspirin given with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, including ibuprofen, yields a net decrease in anti-inflammatory activity with lowered blood levels of the non-aspirin drug.	aspirin	ibuprofen	effect
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	However, because bleeding has been reported when ibuprofen and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents have been administered to patients on coumarin-type anticoagulants, the physician should be cautious when administering ibuprofen to patients on anticoagulants.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	coumarin-type anticoagulants	effect
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	This may indicate that ibuprofen could enhance the toxicity of methotrexate.	ibuprofen	methotrexate	effect
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Thus, when ibuprofen and lithium are administered concurrently, subjects should be observed carefully for signs of lithium toxicity.	ibuprofen	lithium	advise
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: Ibuprofen, as well as other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, probably reduces the tubular secretion of methotrexate based on in vitro studies in rabbit kidney slices.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	methotrexate	mechanism
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Lithium: Ibuprofen produced an elevation of plasma lithium levels and a reduction in renal lithium clearance in a study of eleven normal volunteers.	Ibuprofen	lithium	mechanism
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as random observations, have shown that ibuprofen can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	ibuprofen	thiazides	effect
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Caution should be used if ibuprofen is administered concomitantly with methotrexate.	ibuprofen	methotrexate	advise
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Animal studies wshow that aspirin given with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, including ibuprofen, yields a net decrease in anti-inflammatory activity with lowered blood levels of the non-aspirin drug.	aspirin	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	effect
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: Ibuprofen, as well as other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, probably reduces the tubular secretion of methotrexate based on in vitro studies in rabbit kidney slices.	Ibuprofen	methotrexate	mechanism
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as random observations, have shown that ibuprofen can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	ibuprofen	furosemide	effect
Ibuprofen_ddi.xml	However, because bleeding has been reported when ibuprofen and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents have been administered to patients on coumarin-type anticoagulants, the physician should be cautious when administering ibuprofen to patients on anticoagulants.	ibuprofen	coumarin-type anticoagulants	effect
Icodextrin_ddi.xml	However, appropriate monitoring of blood glucose should be performed when initiating EXTRANEAL in diabetic patients and insulin dosage should be adjusted if needed.	EXTRANEAL	insulin	advise
Icosapent_ddi.xml	Interactions may occur between EPA supplements and aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and herbs such as garlic (Allium sativum) and ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba).	EPA	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	int
Icosapent_ddi.xml	Interactions may occur between EPA supplements and aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and herbs such as garlic (Allium sativum) and ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba).	EPA	ginkgo	int
Icosapent_ddi.xml	Interactions may occur between EPA supplements and aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and herbs such as garlic (Allium sativum) and ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba).	EPA	aspirin	int
Icosapent_ddi.xml	Interactions may occur between EPA supplements and aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and herbs such as garlic (Allium sativum) and ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba).	EPA	Ginkgo biloba	int
Idoxuridine_ddi.xml	Boric acid may interact with the idoxuridine preparation causing a gritty substance to form or may interact with the preservative in the idoxuridine preparation causing a toxic effect in the eye.	Boric acid	idoxuridine	mechanism
Idoxuridine_ddi.xml	When you are using idoxuridine, it is especially important that your health care professional know if you are using the following: Eye product containing boric acid.	idoxuridine	boric acid	advise
Iloprost_ddi.xml	However, iloprost has the potential to increase the hypotensive effect of vasodilators and antihypertensive agents.	iloprost	antihypertensive agents	effect
Iloprost_ddi.xml	Since iloprost inhibits platelet function, there is a potential for increased risk of bleeding, particularly in patients maintained on anticoagulants.	iloprost	anticoagulants	effect
Iloprost_ddi.xml	However, iloprost has the potential to increase the hypotensive effect of vasodilators and antihypertensive agents.	iloprost	vasodilators	effect
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that may alter imatinib plasma concentrations Drugs that may increase imatinib plasma concentrations: Caution is recommended when administering Gleevec with inhibitors of the CYP3A4 family (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin).	Gleevec	clarithromycin	advise
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that may alter imatinib plasma concentrations Drugs that may increase imatinib plasma concentrations: Caution is recommended when administering Gleevec with inhibitors of the CYP3A4 family (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin).	Gleevec	itraconazole	advise
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Gleevec will increase plasmaconcentration of other CYP3A4 metabolized drugs (e.g., triazolo-benzodiazepines, dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers, certain HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, etc.).	Gleevec	dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers	mechanism
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Pretreatment of healthy volunteers with multiple doses of rifampin followed by a single dose of Gleevec, increased Gleevec oral-dose clearance by 3.8-fold, which significantly (p 0.05) decreased mean cmax and AUC(0-8).	rifampin	Gleevec	mechanism
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Particular caution is recommended when administering Gleevec with CYP3A4 substrates that have a narrow therapeutic window (e.g., cyclosporine or pimozide).	Gleevec	cyclosporine	advise
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that may alter imatinib plasma concentrations Drugs that may increase imatinib plasma concentrations: Caution is recommended when administering Gleevec with inhibitors of the CYP3A4 family (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin).	Gleevec	erythromycin	advise
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Gleevec will increase plasmaconcentration of other CYP3A4 metabolized drugs (e.g., triazolo-benzodiazepines, dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers, certain HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, etc.).	Gleevec	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors	mechanism
Imatinib_ddi.xml	There is a significant increase in exposure to imatinib when Gleevec is coadministered with ketoconazole (CYP3A4 inhibitor).	Gleevec	ketoconazole	mechanism
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Particular caution is recommended when administering Gleevec with CYP3A4 substrates that have a narrow therapeutic window (e.g., cyclosporine or pimozide).	Gleevec	pimozide	advise
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that may alter imatinib plasma concentrations Drugs that may increase imatinib plasma concentrations: Caution is recommended when administering Gleevec with inhibitors of the CYP3A4 family (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin).	Gleevec	ketoconazole	advise
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Gleevec will increase plasmaconcentration of other CYP3A4 metabolized drugs (e.g., triazolo-benzodiazepines, dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers, certain HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, etc.).	Gleevec	benzodiazepines	mechanism
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Drugs that may have their plasma concentration altered by Gleevec Gleevec increases the mean cmax and AUC of simvastatin (CYP3A4 substrate) 2- and 3.5-fold, respectively, suggesting an inhibition of the CYP3A4 by Gleevec.	Gleevec	simvastatin	mechanism
Imatinib_ddi.xml	Systemic exposure to acetaminophen is expected to be increased when coadministered with Gleevec.	acetaminophen	Gleevec	mechanism
Imipramine_ddi.xml	Avoid the use of preparations such as decongestants and local anesthetics which contain any sympathomimetic amine (e.g., epinephrine, norepinephrine), since it has been reported that tricyclic antidepressants can potentiate the effects of catecholamines.	norepinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Imipramine_ddi.xml	Avoid the use of preparations such as decongestants and local anesthetics which contain any sympathomimetic amine (e.g., epinephrine, norepinephrine), since it has been reported that tricyclic antidepressants can potentiate the effects of catecholamines.	anesthetics	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Imipramine_ddi.xml	The plasma concentration of imipramine may increase when the drug is given concomitantly with hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decrease by concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and adjustment of the dosage of imipramine may therefore be necessary.	imipramine	fluoxetine	mechanism
Imipramine_ddi.xml	The extent to which SSRI-TCA interactions may pose clinical problems will depend on the degree of inhibition, and the pharmacokinetics of the SSRI involved.	SSRI	TCA	int
Imipramine_ddi.xml	The plasma concentration of imipramine may increase when the drug is given concomitantly with hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decrease by concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and adjustment of the dosage of imipramine may therefore be necessary.	imipramine	phenytoin	mechanism
Imipramine_ddi.xml	Avoid the use of preparations such as decongestants and local anesthetics which contain any sympathomimetic amine (e.g., epinephrine, norepinephrine), since it has been reported that tricyclic antidepressants can potentiate the effects of catecholamines.	epinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Imipramine_ddi.xml	Imipramine hydrochloride may potentiate the effects of CNS depressant drugs.	Imipramine hydrochloride	CNS depressant drugs	effect
Imipramine_ddi.xml	The plasma concentration of imipramine may increase when the drug is given concomitantly with hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decrease by concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and adjustment of the dosage of imipramine may therefore be necessary.	imipramine	cimetidine	mechanism
Imipramine_ddi.xml	Avoid the use of preparations such as decongestants and local anesthetics which contain any sympathomimetic amine (e.g., epinephrine, norepinephrine), since it has been reported that tricyclic antidepressants can potentiate the effects of catecholamines.	sympathomimetic amine	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Imipramine_ddi.xml	The plasma concentration of imipramine may increase when the drug is given concomitantly with hepatic enzyme inhibitors (e.g., cimetidine, fluoxetine) and decrease by concomitant administration of hepatic enzyme inducers (e.g., barbiturates, phenytoin), and adjustment of the dosage of imipramine may therefore be necessary.	imipramine	barbiturates	mechanism
Imipramine_ddi.xml	Avoid the use of preparations such as decongestants and local anesthetics which contain any sympathomimetic amine (e.g., epinephrine, norepinephrine), since it has been reported that tricyclic antidepressants can potentiate the effects of catecholamines.	decongestants	tricyclic antidepressants	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Dose reduction of CRIXIVAN to 600 mg every 8 hours should be considered when taking delavirdine 400 mg three times a day.	CRIXIVAN	delavirdine	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Tadalafil dose should not exceed a maximum of 10 mg in a 72- hour period in patients receiving concomitant indinavir therapy.	Tadalafil	indinavir	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Dose reduction of CRIXIVAN to 600 mg every 8 hours is recommended when administering itraconazole concurrently.	CRIXIVAN	itraconazole	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	CRIXIVAN may not be effective due to decreased indinavir concentrations in patients taking these agents concomitantly.	CRIXIVAN	indinavir	effect
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Indinavir concentrations may be decreased in the presence of nevirapine.	Indinavir	nevirapine	mechanism
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Use lowest possible dose of atorvastatin with careful monitoring, or consider HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors that are not primarily metabolized by CYP3A4, such as pravastatin, fluvastatin, or rosuvastatin in combination with CRIXIVAN.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors	CRIXIVAN	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Caution is warranted and therapeutic concentration monitoring is recommended for antiarrhythmics when coadministered with CRIXIVAN.	antiarrhythmics	CRIXIVAN	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Dose reduction of rifabutin to half the standard dose and a dose increase of CRIXIVAN to 1000 mg (three 333-mg capsules) every 8 hours are recommended when rifabutin and CRIXIVAN are coadministered.	rifabutin	CRIXIVAN	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Combinations of these drugs have not been studied and coadministration of CRIXIVAN and atazanavir is not recommended.	CRIXIVAN	atazanavir	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Increasing the indinavir dose to 1000 mg every 8 hours does not compensate for the increased indinavir metabolism due to efavirenz.	indinavir	efavirenz	mechanism
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Preliminary clinical data suggest that the incidence of nephrolithiasis is higher in patients receiving indinavir in combination with ritonavir than those receiving CRIXIVAN 800 mg q8h.	indinavir	ritonavir	effect
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Vardenafil dose should not exceed a maximum of 2.5 mg in a 24-hour period in patients receiving concomitant indinavir therapy.	Vardenafil	indinavir	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Sildenafil dose should not exceed a maximum of 25 mg in a 48- hour period in patients receiving concomitant indinavir therapy.	Sildenafil	indinavir	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Use lowest possible dose of atorvastatin with careful monitoring, or consider HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors that are not primarily metabolized by CYP3A4, such as pravastatin, fluvastatin, or rosuvastatin in combination with CRIXIVAN.	atorvastatin	CRIXIVAN	advise
Indinavir_ddi.xml	Indinavir and didanosine formulations containing buffer should be administered at least one hour apart on an empty stomach.	Indinavir	didanosine	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	INDOCIN given concomitantly with digoxin has been reported to increase the serum concentration and prolong the half-life of digoxin.	INDOCIN	digoxin	mechanism
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Caution should be used if INDOCIN is administered simultaneously with methotrexate.	INDOCIN	methotrexate	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	However, when any additional drug, including INDOCIN, is added to the treatment of patients on anticoagulant therapy, the patients should be observed for alterations of the prothrombin time.	INDOCIN	anticoagulant	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Blunting of the antihypertensive effect of beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents by non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs including INDOCIN has been reported.	beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents	non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Capsules INDOCIN 50 mg t.i.d. produced a clinically relevant elevation of plasma lithium and reduction in renal lithium clearance in psychiatric patients and normal subjects with steady state plasma lithium concentrations.	INDOCIN	lithium	mechanism
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	As a consequence, when INDOCIN and lithium are given concomitantly, the patient should be carefully observed for signs of lithium toxicity.	INDOCIN	lithium	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	INDOCIN can reduce the antihypertensive effects of captopril and losartan.	INDOCIN	losartan	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of INDOCIN can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing, and thiazide diuretics.	INDOCIN	loop diuretics	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	In a study in normal volunteers, it was found that chronic concurrent administration of 3.6 g of aspirin per day decreases indomethacin blood levels approximately 20%.	aspirin	indomethacin	mechanism
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	It has been reported that the addition of triamterene to a maintenance schedule of INDOCIN resulted in reversible acute renal failure in two of four healthy volunteers.	triamterene	INDOCIN	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of INDOCIN can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing, and thiazide diuretics.	INDOCIN	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	In normal volunteers receiving indomethacin, the administration of diflunisal decreased the renal clearance and significantly increased the plasma levels of indomethacin.	diflunisal	indomethacin	mechanism
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised when INDOCIN and anticoagulants are administered concomitantly.	INDOCIN	anticoagulants	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	NSAIDs should be used with caution in patients taking cyclosporine, and renal function should be carefully monitored.	NSAIDs	cyclosporine	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Therefore, when INDOCIN and digoxin are used concomitantly, serum digoxin levels should be closely monitored.	INDOCIN	digoxin	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	INDOCIN has been reported to decrease the tubular secretion of methotrexate and to potentiate its toxicity.	INDOCIN	methotrexate	mechanism
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	The potential effects of INDOCIN and potassium-sparing diuretics on potassium kinetics and renal function should be considered when these agents are administered concurrently.	INDOCIN	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Most of the above effects concerning diuretics have been attributed, at least in part, to mechanisms involving inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis by INDOCIN.	diuretics	INDOCIN	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	In post-marketing experience, bleeding has been reported in patients on concomitant treatment with anticoagulants and INDOCIN.	anticoagulants	INDOCIN	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Administration of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs concomitantly with cyclosporine has been associated with an increase in cyclosporine-induced toxicity, possibly due to decreased synthesis of renal prostacyclin.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	cyclosporine	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	When INDOCIN is given to patients receiving probenecid, the plasma levels of indomethacin are likely to be increased.	INDOCIN	probenecid	mechanism
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	INDOCIN and triamterene should not be administered together.	INDOCIN	triamterene	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	In some patients, the administration of INDOCIN can reduce the diuretic, natriuretic, and antihypertensive effects of loop, potassium-sparing, and thiazide diuretics.	INDOCIN	thiazide diuretics	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Blunting of the antihypertensive effect of beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents by non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs including INDOCIN has been reported.	beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents	INDOCIN	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of INDOCIN with other NSAIDs is not recommended due to the increased possibility of gastrointestinal toxicity, with little or no increase in efficacy.	INDOCIN	NSAIDs	advise
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	INDOCIN can reduce the antihypertensive effects of captopril and losartan.	INDOCIN	captopril	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	In some patients, combined use of INDOCIN and diflunisal has been associated with fatal gastrointestinal hemorrhage.	INDOCIN	diflunisal	effect
Indomethacin_ddi.xml	Therefore, diflunisal and INDOCIN should not be used concomitantly.	diflunisal	INDOCIN	advise
Infliximab_ddi.xml	Other TNFa-blocking agents (including REMICADE) used in combination with anakinra may also result in similar toxicities.	REMICADE	anakinra	effect
Infliximab_ddi.xml	Concurrent administration of etanercept (another TNF -blocking agent) and anakinra (an interleukin-1 antagonist) has been associated with an increased risk of serious infections, and increased risk of neutropenia and no additional benefit compared to these medicinal products alone.	etanercept	anakinra	effect
Infliximab_ddi.xml	Other TNFa-blocking agents (including REMICADE) used in combination with anakinra may also result in similar toxicities.	TNFa-blocking agents	anakinra	effect
Insulin Glargine recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	Beta-blockers	insulin	effect
Insulin Glargine recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	lithium	insulin	effect
Insulin Glargine recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	clonidine	insulin	effect
Insulin Glargine recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	alcohol	insulin	effect
Insulin recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	Beta-blockers	insulin	effect
Insulin recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	lithium	insulin	effect
Insulin recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	alcohol	insulin	effect
Insulin recombinant_ddi.xml	Beta-blockers, clonidine, lithium salts, and alcohol may either potentiate or weaken the blood-glucose-lowering effect of insulin.	clonidine	insulin	effect
Interferon beta-1b_ddi.xml	Betaseron administration to three cancer patients over a dose range of 0.025 mg to 2.2 mg led to a dose-dependent inhibition of antipyrine elimination.14 The effect of alternate-day administration of 0.25 mg of Betaseron on drug metabolism in MS patients is unknown.	Betaseron	antipyrine	mechanism
Ipratropium_ddi.xml	Caution is therefore advised in the coadministration of ATROVENT Inhalation Aerosol with other anticholinergic-containing drugs.	ATROVENT	anticholinergic	advise
Ipratropium_ddi.xml	Anticholinergic agents: Although ipratropium bromide is minimally absorbed into the systemic circulation, there is some potential for an additive interaction with concomitantly used anticholinergic medications.	ipratropium bromide	anticholinergic medications	effect
Irinotecan_ddi.xml	Lymphocytopenia has been reported in patients receiving CAMPTOSAR, and it is possible that the administration of dexamethasone as antiemetic prophylaxis may have enhanced the likelihood of this effect.	CAMPTOSAR	dexamethasone	effect
Irinotecan_ddi.xml	The incidence of akathisia in clinical trials of the weekly dosage schedule was greater (8.5%, 4/47 patients) when prochlorperazine was administered on the same day as CAMPTOSAR than when these drugs were given on separate days (1.3%, 1/80 patients).	prochlorperazine	CAMPTOSAR	effect
Irinotecan_ddi.xml	The adverse effects of CAMPTOSAR, such as myelosuppression and diarrhea, would be expected to be exacerbated by other antineoplastic agents having similar adverse effects.	CAMPTOSAR	antineoplastic agents	effect
Irinotecan_ddi.xml	In view of the potential risk of dehydration secondary to vomiting and/or diarrhea induced by CAMPTOSAR, the physician may wish to withhold diuretics during dosing with CAMPTOSAR and, certainly, during periods of active vomiting or diarrhea.	diuretics	CAMPTOSAR	effect
Irinotecan_ddi.xml	It would be expected that laxative use during therapy with CAMPTOSAR would worsen the incidence or severity of diarrhea, but this has not been studied.	laxative	CAMPTOSAR	effect
Isocarboxazid_ddi.xml	Isocarboxazid should be administered with caution to patients receiving Antabuse (disulfiram, Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories).	Isocarboxazid	disulfiram	advise
Isocarboxazid_ddi.xml	Isocarboxazid should be administered with caution to patients receiving Antabuse (disulfiram, Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories).	Isocarboxazid	Antabuse	advise
Isocarboxazid_ddi.xml	In a single study, rats given high intraperitoneal doses of an MAO inhibitor plus disulfiram experienced severe toxicity, including convulsions and death.	MAO inhibitor	disulfiram	effect
Isocarboxazid_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of Isocarboxazid and other psychotropic agents is generally not recommended because of possible potentiating effects.	Isocarboxazid	psychotropic agents	advise
Isoflurane_ddi.xml	Isoflurane potentiates the muscle relaxant effect of all muscle relaxants, most notably nondepolarizing muscle relaxants, and MAC (minimum alveolar concentration) is reduced by concomitant administration of N 2O.	Isoflurane	nondepolarizing muscle relaxants	effect
Isoflurane_ddi.xml	Isoflurane potentiates the muscle relaxant effect of all muscle relaxants, most notably nondepolarizing muscle relaxants, and MAC (minimum alveolar concentration) is reduced by concomitant administration of N 2O.	Isoflurane	muscle relaxants	effect
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: Isoniazid is known to slow the metabolism of carbamazepine and increase its serum levels Carbamazepine levels should be determined prior to concurrent administration with isoniazid, signs and symptoms of carbamazepine toxicity should be monitored closely, and appropriate dosage adjustment of the anticonvulsant should be made.	Carbamazepine	isoniazid	advise
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Therophylline: A recent study has shown that concomitan administration of isoniazid and theophylline may cause elevated plasma levels of theophylline, and in some instances a slight decrease in the elimination of isoniazid.	isoniazid	theophylline	mechanism
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Plasma valproate concentration should be monitored when isoniazid and valproate are co administered, and appropriate dosage adjustments of valproate should be made.	isoniazid	valproate	advise
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Valproate: A recent case study has shown a possible increase in the plasma level of valproate when co administered with isoniazid.	valproate	isoniazid	mechanism
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Acetaminophen: A report of severe acetaminophen toxicity was reported in a patient receiving Isoniazid.	acetaminophen	Isoniazid	effect
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: Isoniazid may increase serum levels of phenytoin.	Isoniazid	phenytoin	mechanism
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Potential interaction of Ketoconazole and Isoniazid may exist.	Ketoconazole	Isoniazid	int
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: Isoniazid is known to slow the metabolism of carbamazepine and increase its serum levels Carbamazepine levels should be determined prior to concurrent administration with isoniazid, signs and symptoms of carbamazepine toxicity should be monitored closely, and appropriate dosage adjustment of the anticonvulsant should be made.	Isoniazid	carbamazepine	mechanism
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	It is believed that the toxicity may have resulted from a previously unrecognized interaction between isoniazid and acetaminophen and a molecular basis for this interaction has been proposed.	isoniazid	acetaminophen	effect
Isoniazid_ddi.xml	Furthermore it has been proposed that isoniazid resulted In induction of P-450IIE1 in the patients liver which, in turn, resulted in a greater proportion of the ingested acetaminophen being converted to the toxic metabolites.	isoniazid	acetaminophen	mechanism
Isoproterenol_ddi.xml	ISUPREL should be used with caution, if at all, when potent inhalational anesthetics such as halothane are employed because of potential to sensitize the myocardium to effects of sympathomimetic amines.	ISUPREL	anesthetics	advise
Isoproterenol_ddi.xml	ISUPREL should be used with caution, if at all, when potent inhalational anesthetics such as halothane are employed because of potential to sensitize the myocardium to effects of sympathomimetic amines.	ISUPREL	halothane	advise
Isoproterenol_ddi.xml	Isoproterenol hydrochloride injection and epinephrine should not be administered simultaneously because both drugs are direct cardiac stimulants and their combined effects may induce serious arrhythmias.	Isoproterenol hydrochloride	epinephrine	advise
Isosorbide Dinitrate_ddi.xml	The vasodilating effects of isosorbide dinitrate may be additive with those of other vasodilators.	isosorbide dinitrate	vasodilators	effect
Isosorbide Mononitrate_ddi.xml	Marked symptomatic orthostatic hypotension has been reported when calcium channel blockers and organic nitrates were used in combination.	calcium channel blockers	organic nitrates	effect
Isosorbide Mononitrate_ddi.xml	The vasodilating effects of isosorbide mononitrate may be additive with those of other vasodilators.	isosorbide mononitrate	vasodilators	effect
Isotretinoin_ddi.xml	Tetracyclines: Concomitant treatment with Accutane and tetracyclines should be avoided because Accutane use has been associated with a number of cases of pseudotumor cerebri (benign intracranial hypertension), some of which involved concomitant use of tetracyclines	Accutane	tetracyclines	advise
Isotretinoin_ddi.xml	Tetracyclines: Concomitant treatment with Accutane and tetracyclines should be avoided because Accutane use has been associated with a number of cases of pseudotumor cerebri (benign intracranial hypertension), some of which involved concomitant use of tetracyclines	Accutane	tetracyclines	effect
Isotretinoin_ddi.xml	Micro-dosed Progesterone Preparations: Micro-dosed progesterone preparations (minipills that do not contain an estrogen) may be an inadequate method of contraception during Accutane therapy.	progesterone	Accutane	effect
Isotretinoin_ddi.xml	Vitamin A: Because of the relationship of Accutane to vitamin A, patients should be advised against taking vitamin supplements containing vitamin A to avoid additive toxic effects	Accutane	vitamin A	effect
Isradipine_ddi.xml	Fentanyl Anesthesia: Severe hypotension has been reported during fentanyl anesthesia with concomitant use of a beta blocker and a calcium channel blocker.	fentanyl	beta blocker	effect
Isradipine_ddi.xml	Rifampicin: In a study in healthy volunteers, a six-day course of rifampicin at 600 mg/day followed by a single 5 mg dose of isradipine resulted in a reduction in isradipine levels to below detectable limits.	rifampicin	isradipine	mechanism
Isradipine_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: In a study in healthy volunteers, a one-week course of cimetidine at 400 mg b.i.d. with a single 5 mg dose of isradipine on the sixth day showed an increase in isradipine mean peak plasma concentrations (36%) and significant increase in area under the curve (50%).	cimetidine	isradipine	mechanism
Isradipine_ddi.xml	Fentanyl Anesthesia: Severe hypotension has been reported during fentanyl anesthesia with concomitant use of a beta blocker and a calcium channel blocker.	fentanyl	calcium channel blocker	effect
Isradipine_ddi.xml	If isradipine therapy is initiated in a patient currently receiving cimetidine careful monitoring for adverse reactions is advised and downward dose adjustment may be required.	isradipine	cimetidine	advise
Isradipine_ddi.xml	If rifampicin therapy is required, isradipine concentrations and therapeutic effects are likely to be markedly reduced or abolished as a consequence of increased metabolism and higher clearance of isradipine.	rifampicin	isradipine	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of Itraconazole with oral midazolam or triazolam has resulted in elevated plasma concentrations of the latter two drugs.	Itraconazole	midazolam	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	It has been reported that Itraconazole enhances the anticoagulant effect of coumarin-like drugs.	Itraconazole	coumarin	effect
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Another oral azole antifungal, ketoconazole, inhibits the metabolism of astemizole, resulting in elevated plasma concentrations of astemizole and its active metabolite desmethylastermizole which may prolong QT intervals.	ketoconazole	astemizole	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, tacrolimus and digoxin concentrations should be monitored at the initiation of Itraconazole therapy and frequently thereafter, and the dose of these three drug products adjusted appropriately.	digoxin	Itraconazole	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of terfenadine with Itraconazole has led to elevated plasma concentrations of terfenadine, resulting in rare instances of life- threatening cardiac dysrhythmias and one death.	terfenadine	Itraconazole	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Based on the chemical resemblance of itraconazole and ketoconazole, coadministration of astemizole with itraconazole is contraindicated.	astemizole	itraconazole	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of Itraconazole and cyclosporine, tacrolimus or digoxin has led to increased plasma concentrations of the latter three drugs.	Itraconazole	tacrolimus	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Data suggest that coadministration of oral ketoconazole and cisapride can result in prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	ketoconazole	cisapride	effect
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	When Itraconazole was coadministered with phenytoin, rifampin, or H2antagonists, reduced plasma concentrations of itraconazole were reported.	Itraconazole	rifampin	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	therefore, plasma concentrations of phenytoin should also be monitored when it is given concurrently with Itraconazole.	phenytoin	Itraconazole	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Rhabdomyolysis has been observed in patients receiving HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors administered alone (at recommended dosages) or concomitantly with immunosuppressive drugs including cyclosporine.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors	immunosuppressive drugs	effect
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Tinnitus and decreased hearing have been reported in patients concomitantly receiving Itraconazole and quinidine.	Itraconazole	quinidine	effect
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Therefore, prothrombin time should be carefully monitored in patients receiving Itraconazole and coumarin-like drugs simultaneously.	Itraconazole	coumarin	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of Itraconazole and cyclosporine, tacrolimus or digoxin has led to increased plasma concentrations of the latter three drugs.	Itraconazole	cyclosporine	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	In vitro data suggest that itraconazole, when compared to ketoconazole, has a less pronounced effect on the biotransformation system responsible for the metabolism of astemizole.	itraconazole	astemizole	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Human pharmacokinetics data indicate that oral ketoconazole potently inhibits the metabolism of cisapride resulting in an eight-fold increase in the mean AUC of cisapride.	ketoconazole	cisapride	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Severe hypoglycemia has been reported in patients concomitantly receiving azole antifungal agents and oral hypoglycemic agents.	azole antifungal agents	hypoglycemic agents	effect
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Rhabdomyolysis has been observed in patients receiving HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors administered alone (at recommended dosages) or concomitantly with immunosuppressive drugs including cyclosporine.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors	cyclosporine	effect
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, tacrolimus and digoxin concentrations should be monitored at the initiation of Itraconazole therapy and frequently thereafter, and the dose of these three drug products adjusted appropriately.	tacrolimus	Itraconazole	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	In vitro data suggest that itraconazole also markedly inhibits the biotransformation system mainly responsible for the metabolism of cisapride;	itraconazole	cisapride	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Plasma concentrations of azole antifungal agents are reduced when given concurrently with isoniazid.	azole antifungal agents	isoniazid	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	therefore concomitant administration of Itraconazole with cisapride is contraindicated.	Itraconazole	cisapride	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine, tacrolimus and digoxin concentrations should be monitored at the initiation of Itraconazole therapy and frequently thereafter, and the dose of these three drug products adjusted appropriately.	Cyclosporine	Itraconazole	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of Itraconazole and cyclosporine, tacrolimus or digoxin has led to increased plasma concentrations of the latter three drugs.	Itraconazole	digoxin	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Edema has been reported in patients concomitantly receiving Itraconazole and dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers.	Itraconazole	dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers	effect
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	When Itraconazole was coadministered with phenytoin, rifampin, or H2antagonists, reduced plasma concentrations of itraconazole were reported.	Itraconazole	phenytoin	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Blood glucose concentrations should be carefully monitored when Itraconazole and oral hypoglycemic agents are coadministered.	Itraconazole	hypoglycemic agents	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Itraconazole plasma concentrations should be monitored when Itraconazole and isoniazid are coadministered.	Itraconazole	isoniazid	advise
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Although no studies have been conducted, concomitant administration of Itraconazole and phenytoin may alter the metabolism of phenytoin;	Itraconazole	phenytoin	mechanism
Itraconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of Itraconazole with oral midazolam or triazolam has resulted in elevated plasma concentrations of the latter two drugs.	Itraconazole	triazolam	mechanism
Kanamycin_ddi.xml	In vitro mixing of an aminoglycoside with beta-lactamtype antibiotics (penicillins or cephalosporins) may result in a significant mutual inactivation.	aminoglycoside	penicillins	effect
Kanamycin_ddi.xml	In vitro mixing of an aminoglycoside with beta-lactamtype antibiotics (penicillins or cephalosporins) may result in a significant mutual inactivation.	aminoglycoside	cephalosporins	effect
Kanamycin_ddi.xml	In vitro mixing of an aminoglycoside with beta-lactamtype antibiotics (penicillins or cephalosporins) may result in a significant mutual inactivation.	aminoglycoside	antibiotics	effect
Kanamycin_ddi.xml	Even when an aminoglycoside and a penicillin-type drug are administered separately by different routes, a reduction in aminoglycoside serum half-life or serum levels has been reported in patients with impaired renal function and in some patients with normal renal function.	aminoglycoside	penicillin	mechanism
Ketamine_ddi.xml	Prolonged recovery time may occur if barbiturates and/or narcotics are used concurrently with ketamine.	barbiturates	ketamine	effect
Ketamine_ddi.xml	Prolonged recovery time may occur if barbiturates and/or narcotics are used concurrently with ketamine.	narcotics	ketamine	effect
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Because severe hypoglycemia has been reported in patients concomitantly receiving oral miconazole (an imidazole) and oral hypoglycemic agents, such a potential interaction involving the latter agents when used concomitantly with ketoconazole tablets (an imidazole) can not be ruled out.	miconazole	hypoglycemic agents	effect
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of astemizole with ketoconazole tablets is therefore contraindicated.	astemizole	ketoconazole	advise
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole tablets may alter the metabolism of cyclosporine, tacrolimus, and methylprednisolone, resulting in elevated plasma concentrations of the latter drugs.	Ketoconazole	methylprednisolone	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Therefore concomitant administration of ketoconazole tablets with cisapride is contraindicated.	ketoconazole	cisapride	advise
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	It is, therefore, advisable to monitor digoxin concentrations in patients receiving ketoconazole.	digoxin	ketoconazole	advise
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of ketoconazole tablets with phenytoin may alter the metabolism of one or both of the drugs.	ketoconazole	phenytoin	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	INH (Isoniazid) is also reported to affect ketoconazole concentrations adversely.	Isoniazid	ketoconazole	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	When taken orally , imidazole compounds like ketoconazole may enhance the anticoagulant effect of coumarin-like drugs.	imidazole compounds	coumarin	effect
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	When taken orally , imidazole compounds like ketoconazole may enhance the anticoagulant effect of coumarin-like drugs.	ketoconazole	coumarin	effect
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole tablets may alter the metabolism of cyclosporine, tacrolimus, and methylprednisolone, resulting in elevated plasma concentrations of the latter drugs.	Ketoconazole	tacrolimus	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Human pharmacokinetics data indicate that oral ketoconazole potently inhibits the metabolism of cisapride resulting in a mean eight-fold increase in AUC of cisapride.	ketoconazole	cisapride	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of NIZORAL  Tablets with midazolam or triazolam has resulted in elevated plasma concentrations of the latter two drugs.	NIZORAL	triazolam	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	It is suggested to monitor both ketoconazole and phenytoin.	ketoconazole	phenytoin	advise
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of rifampin with ketoconazole tablets reduces the blood levels of the latter.	rifampin	ketoconazole	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Data suggest that coadministration of oral ketoconazole and cisapride can result in prolongation of the QT interval on the ECG.	ketoconazole	cisapride	effect
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	In simultaneous treatment with imidazole drugs and coumarin drugs, the anticoagulant effect should be carefully titrated and monitored.	imidazole drugs	coumarin drugs	advise
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	INH (Isoniazid) is also reported to affect ketoconazole concentrations adversely.	INH	ketoconazole	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Pharmacokinetic data indicate that oral ketoconazole inhibits the metabolism of astemizole, resulting in elevated plasma levels of astemizole and its active metabolite desmethylastemizole which may prolong QT intervals.	ketoconazole	astemizole	effect
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole tablets may alter the metabolism of cyclosporine, tacrolimus, and methylprednisolone, resulting in elevated plasma concentrations of the latter drugs.	Ketoconazole	cyclosporine	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	After the coadministration of 200 mg oral ketoconazole twice daily and one 20 mg dose of loratadine to 11 subjects, the AUC and Cmax of loratadine averaged 302% (  142 S.D.) and 251% (  68 S.D.), respectively, of those obtained after co-treatment with placebo.	ketoconazole	loratadine	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	Coadministration of NIZORAL  Tablets with midazolam or triazolam has resulted in elevated plasma concentrations of the latter two drugs.	NIZORAL	midazolam	mechanism
Ketoconazole_ddi.xml	The following drug interactions have been identified involving NIZORAL Tablets and other drugs metabolized by the cytochrome P450 3A4 enzyme system: Ketoconazole tablets inhibit the metabolism of terfenadine, resulting in an increased plasma concentration of terfenadine and a delay in the elimination of its acid metabolite.	Ketoconazole	terfenadine	mechanism
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	however, in a study of 12 normal subjects, concurrent administration of aspirin decreased ketoprofen protein binding and increased ketoprofen plasma clearance from 0.07 L/kg/h without aspirin to 0.11 L/kg/h with aspirin.	aspirin	ketoprofen	mechanism
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Probenecid: Probenecid increases both free and bound ketoprofen by reducing the plasma clearance of ketoprofen to about one-third, as well as decreasing its protein binding.	Probenecid	ketoprofen	mechanism
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	It is recommended that plasma lithium levels be monitored when ketoprofen is coadministered with lithium.	ketoprofen	lithium	advise
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: Ketoprofen, like other NSAIDs, may cause changes in the elimination of methotrexate leading to elevated serum levels of the drug and increased toxicity.	Ketoprofen	methotrexate	mechanism
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	however, in a study of 12 normal subjects, concurrent administration of aspirin decreased ketoprofen protein binding and increased ketoprofen plasma clearance from 0.07 L/kg/h without aspirin to 0.11 L/kg/h with aspirin.	aspirin	ketoprofen	mechanism
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: Ketoprofen, like other NSAIDs, may cause changes in the elimination of methotrexate leading to elevated serum levels of the drug and increased toxicity.	NSAIDs	methotrexate	mechanism
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Diuretic: Hydrochlorothiazide, given concomitantly with ketoprofen, produces a reduction in urinary potassium and chloride excretion compared to hydrochlorothiazide alone.	Hydrochlorothiazide	ketoprofen	effect
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Therefore, concurrent use of aspirin and ketoprofen is not recommended.	aspirin	ketoprofen	advise
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Because prostaglandina play an important role in hemostasis and ketoprofen has an effect on platelet function as well, concurent therapy with ketoprofen and warfarin requires close monitoring of patients on both drugs.	ketoprofen	warfarin	advise
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Lithium: Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents have been reported to increase steadystate plasma lithium levels.	Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	lithium	mechanism
Ketoprofen_ddi.xml	Therefore, the combination of ketoprofen and probenecid is not recommended.	ketoprofen	probenecid	advise
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	In vitro studies indicate that, at therapeutic concentrations of salicylate (300 m g/mL), the binding of ketorolac was reduced from approximately 99.2% to 97.5%, representing a potential twofold increase in unbound ketorolac plasma levels.	salicylate	ketorolac	mechanism
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Antiepileptic Drugs: Sporadic cases of seizures have been reported during concomitant use of TORADOL and antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine).	TORADOL	phenytoin	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Psychoactive Drugs: Hallucinations have been reported when TORADOL was used in patients taking psychoactive drugs (fluoxetine, thiothixene, alprazolam).	TORADOL	thiothixene	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Antiepileptic Drugs: Sporadic cases of seizures have been reported during concomitant use of TORADOL and antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine).	TORADOL	carbamazepine	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Although these results do not indicate a significant interaction between TORADOL and warfarin or heparin, the administration of TORADOL to patients taking anticoagulants should be done extremely cautiously, and patients should be closely monitored.	TORADOL	anticoagulants	advise
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Psychoactive Drugs: Hallucinations have been reported when TORADOL was used in patients taking psychoactive drugs (fluoxetine, thiothixene, alprazolam).	TORADOL	psychoactive drugs	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Antiepileptic Drugs: Sporadic cases of seizures have been reported during concomitant use of TORADOL and antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine).	TORADOL	antiepileptic drugs	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Furosemide: TORADOL IV/IM reduced the diuretic response to furosemide in normovolemic healthy subjects by approximately 20% (mean sodium and urinary output decreased 17%).	TORADOL	furosemide	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	The effect of TORADOL on plasma lithium has not been studied, but cases of increased lithium plasma levels during TORADOL therapy have been reported.	lithium	TORADOL	mechanism
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Warfarin, Digoxin, Salicylate, and Heparin The in vitro binding of warfarin to plasma proteins is only slightly reduced by ketorolac tromethamine (99.5% control vs 99.3%) when ketorolac plasma concentrations reach 5 to10 m g/mL.	warfarin	ketorolac tromethamine	mechanism
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: Concomitant administration of methotrexate and some NSAIDs has been reported to reduce the clearance of methotrexate, enhancing the toxicity of methotrexate.	methotrexate	NSAIDs	mechanism
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Therefore, concomitant use of TORADOL and probenecid is contraindicated.	TORADOL	probenecid	advise
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Psychoactive Drugs: Hallucinations have been reported when TORADOL was used in patients taking psychoactive drugs (fluoxetine, thiothixene, alprazolam).	TORADOL	fluoxetine	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Psychoactive Drugs: Hallucinations have been reported when TORADOL was used in patients taking psychoactive drugs (fluoxetine, thiothixene, alprazolam).	TORADOL	alprazolam	effect
Ketorolac_ddi.xml	Probenecid: Concomitant administration of TORADOL ORAL and probenecid resulted in decreased clearance of ketorolac and significant increases in ketorolac plasma levels (total AUC increased approximately threefold from 5.4 to 17.8 m g/h/mL) and terminal half-life increased approximately twofold from 6.6 to 15.1 hours.	TORADOL	probenecid	mechanism
L-Arginine_ddi.xml	Organic nitrates - L-arginine supplements theoretically may potentiate the effects of organic nitrates if taken concomitantly.	L-arginine	nitrates	effect
L-Arginine_ddi.xml	Ibuprofen - L-arginine may increase the absorption of ibuprofen if taken concomitantly.	L-arginine	ibuprofen	mechanism
L-Arginine_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine - L-arginine may counteract the antinaturetic effect of cyclosporin.	L-arginine	cyclosporin	effect
L-Arginine_ddi.xml	Sildenafil citrate - Theoretically, L-arginine supplements taken concomitantly with sildenafil citrate, may potentiate the effects of the drug.	L-arginine	sildenafil citrate	effect
L-Glutamine_ddi.xml	In another report, nine patients with breast cancer were reported to have decreased symptoms of methotrexate-related toxicity when given supplemental L-glutamine at a dose of 0.5 gram/kilogram/day.	methotrexate	L-glutamine	effect
L-Glutamine_ddi.xml	Human growth hormone - Concomitant use of L-glutamine and human growth hormone may enhance nutrient absorption in those with severe short bowel syndrome.	L-glutamine	human growth hormone	mechanism
L-Glutamine_ddi.xml	Paclitaxel - In one report, L-glutamine at a dose of 10 grams three times daily, given 24 hours after receiving paclitaxel, appeared to prevent the development of myalgia and arthralgia, adverse reactions of paclitaxel.	L-glutamine	paclitaxel	effect
L-Glutamine_ddi.xml	Methotrexate - There is one report that methotrexate may decrease the possible effectiveness of supplemental L-glutamine for chemotherapy-induced mucositis.	methotrexate	L-glutamine	effect
L-Glutamine_ddi.xml	Indomethacin - Concomitant use of L-glutamine and indomethacin may ameliorate increased intestinal permeability caused by indomethacin.	L-glutamine	indomethacin	effect
L-Histidine_ddi.xml	Medroxyprogesterone Acetate - L-histidine was observed to enhance (in tissue culture) the effect of medroxyprogesterone acetate in reducing the number of human breast cancer cells that were in the S phase.	L-histidine	medroxyprogesterone acetate	effect
L-Histidine_ddi.xml	H1 and H2 Blockers - Although not reported, L-histidine, via its metabolism to histamine, might decrease the efficacy of H1 and H2 blockers.	L-histidine	H1 blockers	effect
L-Histidine_ddi.xml	H1 and H2 Blockers - Although not reported, L-histidine, via its metabolism to histamine, might decrease the efficacy of H1 and H2 blockers.	L-histidine	H2 blockers	effect
L-Methionine_ddi.xml	Acetaminophen and methotrexate - L-methionine may decrease hepatic toxicity in those with acetaminophen overdosage or in those taking methotrexate.	L-methionine	methotrexate	effect
L-Methionine_ddi.xml	Gentamicin - Methionine may protect against the ototoxic effects of gentamicin.	Methionine	gentamicin	effect
L-Methionine_ddi.xml	Acetaminophen and methotrexate - L-methionine may decrease hepatic toxicity in those with acetaminophen overdosage or in those taking methotrexate.	L-methionine	acetaminophen	effect
L-Phenylalanine_ddi.xml	Neuroleptic Drugs - L-phenylalanine may potentiate the tardive dyskinesia side reactions of neuroleptic drugs if used concomitantly with them.	Neuroleptic Drugs	L-phenylalanine	effect
L-Phenylalanine_ddi.xml	Selegiline - L-phenylalanine and the selective MAO inhibitor selegiline may have synergistic antidepressant activity if used concomitantly.	L-phenylalanine	selegiline	effect
L-Phenylalanine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of L-phenylalanine and non-selective MAO inhibitors may cause hypertension.	L-phenylalanine	non-selective MAO inhibitors	effect
Labetalol_ddi.xml	Labetalol HCl blunts the reflex tachycardia produced by nitroglycerin without preventing its hypotensive effect.	Labetalol HCl	nitroglycerin	effect
Labetalol_ddi.xml	During controlled hypotensive anesthesia using labetalol HCl in association with halothane, high concentrations (3% or above) of halothane should not be used because the degree of hypotension will be increased and because of the possibility of a large reduction in cardiac output and an increase in central venous pressure.	labetalol HCl	halothane	effect
Labetalol_ddi.xml	Care should be taken if labetalol is used concomitantly with calcium antagonists of the verapamil type.	labetalol	calcium antagonist	advise
Labetalol_ddi.xml	In one survey, 2.3% of patients taking labetalol HCl in combination with tricyclic antidepressants experienced tremor, as compared to 0.7% reported to occur with labetalol HCl alone.	labetalol HCl	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Labetalol_ddi.xml	If labetalol HCl is used with nitroglycerin in patients with angina pectoris, additional antihypertensive effects may occur.	labetalol HCl	nitroglycerin	effect
Labetalol_ddi.xml	Cimetidine has been shown to increase the bioavailability of labetalol HCl.	Cimetidine	labetalol HCl	mechanism
Labetalol_ddi.xml	Synergism has been shown between halothane anesthesia and intravenously administered labetalol HCl.	halothane	labetalol HCl	effect
Lactulose_ddi.xml	Results of preliminary studies in humans and rats suggest that nonabsorbable antacids given concurrently with lactulose may inhibit the desired lactulose-induced drop in colonic pH.	antacids	lactulose	mechanism
Lamivudine_ddi.xml	Lamivudine and zalcitabine may inhibit the intracellular phosphorylation of one another.	Lamivudine	zalcitabine	effect
Lamivudine_ddi.xml	Therefore, use of lamivudine in combination with zalcitabine is not recommended	lamivudine	zalcitabine	advise
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	Nonetheless, individual patients may require additional titration of their theophylline dosage when lansoprazole is started or stopped to ensure clinically effective blood levels.	theophylline	lansoprazole	advise
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	When lansoprazole was administered concomitantly with theophylline (CYP1A2, CYP3A), a minor increase (10%) in the clearance of theophylline was seen.	lansoprazole	theophylline	mechanism
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	therefore, it is theoretically possible that lansoprazole may interfere with the absorption of drugs where gastric pH is an important determinant of bioavailability (e.g. ketoconazole, ampicillin esters, iron salts, digoxin).	lansoprazole	iron	mechanism
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	In a single-dose crossover study examining lansoprazole 30 mg and omeprazole 20 mg each administered alone and concomitantly with sucralfate 1 gram, absorption of the proton pump inhibitors was delayed and their bioavailability was reduced by 17% and 16%, respectively, when administered concomitantly with sucralfate.	proton pump inhibitors	sucralfate	mechanism
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	therefore, it is theoretically possible that lansoprazole may interfere with the absorption of drugs where gastric pH is an important determinant of bioavailability (e.g. ketoconazole, ampicillin esters, iron salts, digoxin).	lansoprazole	ketoconazole	mechanism
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	therefore, it is theoretically possible that lansoprazole may interfere with the absorption of drugs where gastric pH is an important determinant of bioavailability (e.g. ketoconazole, ampicillin esters, iron salts, digoxin).	lansoprazole	ampicillin	mechanism
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	Therefore, proton pump inhibitors should be taken at least 30 minutes prior to sucralfate.	proton pump inhibitors	sucralfate	advise
Lansoprazole_ddi.xml	therefore, it is theoretically possible that lansoprazole may interfere with the absorption of drugs where gastric pH is an important determinant of bioavailability (e.g. ketoconazole, ampicillin esters, iron salts, digoxin).	lansoprazole	digoxin	mechanism
Lapatinib_ddi.xml	Carbamazepine: In healthy subjects receiving the CYP3A4 inducer, carbamazepine, at 100 mg twice daily for 3 days and 200 mg twice daily for 17 days, systemic exposure (AUC) to lapatinib was decreased approximately 72%.	carbamazepine	lapatinib	mechanism
Lapatinib_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: In healthy subjects receiving ketoconazole, a CYP3A4 inhibitor, at 200 mg twice daily for 7 days, systemic exposure (AUC) to lapatinib was increased to approximately 3.6-fold of control and half-life increased to 1.7-fold of control.	ketoconazole	lapatinib	mechanism
Leflunomide_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine and Charcoal Administration of cholestyramine or activated charcoal in patients (n=13) and volunteers (n=96) resulted in a rapid and significant decrease in plasma M1 (the active metabolite of leflunomide) concentration .	cholestyramine	leflunomide	mechanism
Leflunomide_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Increased INR (International Normalized Ratio) when ARAVA and warfarin were co-administered has been rarely reported.	ARAVA	warfarin	effect
Leflunomide_ddi.xml	In a small (n=30) combination study of ARAVA with methotrexate, a 2- to 3-fold elevation in liver enzymes was seen in 5 of 30 patients.	ARAVA	methotrexate	effect
Leflunomide_ddi.xml	Because of the potential for ARAVA levels to continue to increase with multiple dosing, caution should be used if patients are to be receiving both ARAVA and rifampin.	ARAVA	rifampin	advise
Leflunomide_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine and Charcoal Administration of cholestyramine or activated charcoal in patients (n=13) and volunteers (n=96) resulted in a rapid and significant decrease in plasma M1 (the active metabolite of leflunomide) concentration .	activated charcoal	leflunomide	mechanism
Leflunomide_ddi.xml	Rifampin: Following concomitant administration of a single dose of ARAVA to subjects receiving multiple doses of rifampin, M1 peak levels were increased (~40%) over those seen when ARAVA was given alone.	ARAVA	rifampin	mechanism
Letrozole_ddi.xml	(See CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY) Coadministration of Femara and tamoxifen 20 mg daily resulted in a reduction of letrozole plasma levels by 38% on average.	Femara	tamoxifen	mechanism
Leucovorin_ddi.xml	Leucovorin may enhance the toxicity of 5-fluorouracil.	Leucovorin	5-fluorouracil	effect
Leucovorin_ddi.xml	Folic acid in large amounts may counteract the antiepileptic effect of phenobarbital, phenytoin and primidone, and increase the frequency of seizures in susceptible pediatric patients.	Folic acid	phenytoin	effect
Leucovorin_ddi.xml	However, high doses of leucovorin may reduce the efficacy of intrathecally administered methotrexate.	leucovorin	methotrexate	effect
Leucovorin_ddi.xml	Folic acid in large amounts may counteract the antiepileptic effect of phenobarbital, phenytoin and primidone, and increase the frequency of seizures in susceptible pediatric patients.	Folic acid	primidone	effect
Leucovorin_ddi.xml	Folic acid in large amounts may counteract the antiepileptic effect of phenobarbital, phenytoin and primidone, and increase the frequency of seizures in susceptible pediatric patients.	Folic acid	phenobarbital	effect
Levamisole_ddi.xml	ERGAMISOL  (levamisole hydrochloride) has been reported to produce ANTABUSE-like side effects when given concomitantly with alcohol.	ERGAMISOL	alcohol	effect
Levamisole_ddi.xml	ERGAMISOL  (levamisole hydrochloride) has been reported to produce ANTABUSE-like side effects when given concomitantly with alcohol.	levamisole hydrochloride	alcohol	effect
Levamisole_ddi.xml	Because of reports of prolongation of the prothrombin time beyond the therapeutic range in patients taking concurrent levamisole and warfarin sodium, it is suggested that the prothrombin time be monitored carefully, and the dose of warfarin sodium or other coumarin-like drugs should be adjusted accordingly, in patients taking both drugs.	levamisole	warfarin sodium	advise
Levetiracetam_ddi.xml	Effect of AEDs in Pediatric Patients There was about a 22% increase of apparent total body clearance of levetiracetam when it was co-administered with enzyme-inducing AEDs.	levetiracetam	AEDs	mechanism
Levobunolol_ddi.xml	Phenothiazine-related compounds and beta-adrenergic blocking agents may have additive hypotensite effects due to the inhibition of each other s metabolism.	Phenothiazine-related compounds	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	mechanism
Levobunolol_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of beta-adrenergic blocking agents with digitalis and calcium antagonists may have additive effects on prolonging atrioventricular conduction time.	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	digitalis	effect
Levobunolol_ddi.xml	Although BETAGAN used alone has little or no effect on pupil size, mydriasis resulting from concomitant therapy with BETAGAN and epinephrine may occur.	BETAGAN	epinephrine	effect
Levobunolol_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of beta-adrenergic blocking agents with digitalis and calcium antagonists may have additive effects on prolonging atrioventricular conduction time.	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	calcium antagonist	effect
Levobunolol_ddi.xml	Close observation of the patient is recommended when a beta-blocker is administered to patients receiving catecholamine-depleting drugs such as reserpine, because of possible additive effects and the production of hypotension and/or marked bradycardia, which may produce vertigo, syncope or postural hypotension.	beta-blocker	reserpine	advise
Levobunolol_ddi.xml	Patients receiving beta-adrenergic blocking agents along with either oral or intravenous calcium antagonists should be monitored for possible atrioventricular conduction disturbances, left ventricular failure and hypotension.	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	calcium antagonists	advise
Levobupivacaine_ddi.xml	Although no clinical studies have been conducted, it is likely that the metabolism of levobupivacaine may be affected by the known CYP3A4 inducers (such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifampin), CYP3A4 inhibitors (azole antimycotics e.g., ketoconazole;	levobupivacaine	ketoconazole	mechanism
Levobupivacaine_ddi.xml	Although no clinical studies have been conducted, it is likely that the metabolism of levobupivacaine may be affected by the known CYP3A4 inducers (such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifampin), CYP3A4 inhibitors (azole antimycotics e.g., ketoconazole;	levobupivacaine	rifampin	mechanism
Levobupivacaine_ddi.xml	Although no clinical studies have been conducted, it is likely that the metabolism of levobupivacaine may be affected by the known CYP3A4 inducers (such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifampin), CYP3A4 inhibitors (azole antimycotics e.g., ketoconazole;	levobupivacaine	phenytoin	mechanism
Levobupivacaine_ddi.xml	Chirocaine   should be used with caution in patients receiving other local anesthetics or agents structurally related to amide-type local anesthetics since the toxic effects of these drugs could be additive.	Chirocaine	anesthetics	advise
Levobupivacaine_ddi.xml	Although no clinical studies have been conducted, it is likely that the metabolism of levobupivacaine may be affected by the known CYP3A4 inducers (such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifampin), CYP3A4 inhibitors (azole antimycotics e.g., ketoconazole;	levobupivacaine	phenobarbital	mechanism
Levofloxacin_ddi.xml	However, the systemic administration of some quinolones has been shown to elevate plasma concentrations of theophylline, interfere with the metabolism of caffeine, and enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant warfarin and its derivatives, and has been associated with transient elevations in serum creatinine in patients receiving systemic cyclosporine concomitantly.	quinolones	caffeine	mechanism
Levofloxacin_ddi.xml	However, the systemic administration of some quinolones has been shown to elevate plasma concentrations of theophylline, interfere with the metabolism of caffeine, and enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant warfarin and its derivatives, and has been associated with transient elevations in serum creatinine in patients receiving systemic cyclosporine concomitantly.	quinolones	theophylline	mechanism
Levofloxacin_ddi.xml	However, the systemic administration of some quinolones has been shown to elevate plasma concentrations of theophylline, interfere with the metabolism of caffeine, and enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant warfarin and its derivatives, and has been associated with transient elevations in serum creatinine in patients receiving systemic cyclosporine concomitantly.	quinolones	warfarin	effect
Levofloxacin_ddi.xml	However, the systemic administration of some quinolones has been shown to elevate plasma concentrations of theophylline, interfere with the metabolism of caffeine, and enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant warfarin and its derivatives, and has been associated with transient elevations in serum creatinine in patients receiving systemic cyclosporine concomitantly.	quinolones	cyclosporine	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Mixed Agonist/Antagonist Opioid Analgesics: Agonist/antagonist analgesics (eg, pentazocine, nalbuphine, butorphanol, dezocine and buprenorphine) should NOT be administered to a patient who has received or is receiving a course of therapy with a pure agonist opioid analgesic such as Levo-Dromoran.	Agonist/antagonist analgesics	Levo-Dromoran	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	phenothiazines	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Mixed Agonist/Antagonist Opioid Analgesics: Agonist/antagonist analgesics (eg, pentazocine, nalbuphine, butorphanol, dezocine and buprenorphine) should NOT be administered to a patient who has received or is receiving a course of therapy with a pure agonist opioid analgesic such as Levo-Dromoran.	nalbuphine	Levo-Dromoran	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	alcohol	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Mixed Agonist/Antagonist Opioid Analgesics: Agonist/antagonist analgesics (eg, pentazocine, nalbuphine, butorphanol, dezocine and buprenorphine) should NOT be administered to a patient who has received or is receiving a course of therapy with a pure agonist opioid analgesic such as Levo-Dromoran.	buprenorphine	Levo-Dromoran	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Mixed Agonist/Antagonist Opioid Analgesics: Agonist/antagonist analgesics (eg, pentazocine, nalbuphine, butorphanol, dezocine and buprenorphine) should NOT be administered to a patient who has received or is receiving a course of therapy with a pure agonist opioid analgesic such as Levo-Dromoran.	pentazocine	Levo-Dromoran	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	anesthetics	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	sedatives	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Mixed Agonist/Antagonist Opioid Analgesics: Agonist/antagonist analgesics (eg, pentazocine, nalbuphine, butorphanol, dezocine and buprenorphine) should NOT be administered to a patient who has received or is receiving a course of therapy with a pure agonist opioid analgesic such as Levo-Dromoran.	pure agonist opioid analgesic	Levo-Dromoran	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Although no interaction between MAO inhibitors and Levo-Dromoran has been observed, it is not recommended for use with MAO inhibitors.	Levo-Dromoran	MAO inhibitors	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	skeletal muscle relaxants	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Mixed Agonist/Antagonist Opioid Analgesics: Agonist/antagonist analgesics (eg, pentazocine, nalbuphine, butorphanol, dezocine and buprenorphine) should NOT be administered to a patient who has received or is receiving a course of therapy with a pure agonist opioid analgesic such as Levo-Dromoran.	butorphanol	Levo-Dromoran	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	central nervous system depressants	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	tranquilizers	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	antihistamines	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Mixed Agonist/Antagonist Opioid Analgesics: Agonist/antagonist analgesics (eg, pentazocine, nalbuphine, butorphanol, dezocine and buprenorphine) should NOT be administered to a patient who has received or is receiving a course of therapy with a pure agonist opioid analgesic such as Levo-Dromoran.	dezocine	Levo-Dromoran	advise
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	barbiturates	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	hypnotics	effect
Levorphanol_ddi.xml	Interactions with Other CNS Agents: Concurrent use of Levo-Dromoran with all central nervous system depressants (eg, alcohol, sedatives, hypnotics, other opioids, general anesthetics, barbiturates, tricyclic antidepressants, phenothiazines, tranquilizers, skeletal muscle relaxants and antihistamines) may result in additive central nervous system depressant effects.	Levo-Dromoran	opioids	effect
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	anabolic hormones	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Levothyroxine Sodium Absorption: The following agents may bind and decrease absorption of levothyroxine sodium from the gastrointestinal tract: aluminum hydoxide, cholestyramine resin, colestipol hydrochloride, ferrous sulfate, sodium polystyrene sulfonate, soybean flour (e.g., infant formula), sucralfate.	levothyroxine sodium	cholestyramine	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	salicylates	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	methadone	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Levothyroxine Sodium Absorption: The following agents may bind and decrease absorption of levothyroxine sodium from the gastrointestinal tract: aluminum hydoxide, cholestyramine resin, colestipol hydrochloride, ferrous sulfate, sodium polystyrene sulfonate, soybean flour (e.g., infant formula), sucralfate.	levothyroxine sodium	sucralfate	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Ketamine: Marked hypertension and tachycardia have been reported in association with concomitant administration of levothyroxine sodium and ketamine.	levothyroxine sodium	ketamine	effect
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	estrogen-containing compounds	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Levothyroxine Sodium Absorption: The following agents may bind and decrease absorption of levothyroxine sodium from the gastrointestinal tract: aluminum hydoxide, cholestyramine resin, colestipol hydrochloride, ferrous sulfate, sodium polystyrene sulfonate, soybean flour (e.g., infant formula), sucralfate.	levothyroxine sodium	aluminum hydoxide	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	furosemide	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	glucocorticoids	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	tamoxifen	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Levothyroxine Sodium Absorption: The following agents may bind and decrease absorption of levothyroxine sodium from the gastrointestinal tract: aluminum hydoxide, cholestyramine resin, colestipol hydrochloride, ferrous sulfate, sodium polystyrene sulfonate, soybean flour (e.g., infant formula), sucralfate.	levothyroxine sodium	ferrous sulfate	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	mefenamic acid	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	estrogens	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	clofibrate	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	phenytoin	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	androgens	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	perphenazine	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Levothyroxine Sodium Absorption: The following agents may bind and decrease absorption of levothyroxine sodium from the gastrointestinal tract: aluminum hydoxide, cholestyramine resin, colestipol hydrochloride, ferrous sulfate, sodium polystyrene sulfonate, soybean flour (e.g., infant formula), sucralfate.	levothyroxine sodium	colestipol hydrochloride	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	5-fluorouracil	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Levothyroxine Sodium Absorption: The following agents may bind and decrease absorption of levothyroxine sodium from the gastrointestinal tract: aluminum hydoxide, cholestyramine resin, colestipol hydrochloride, ferrous sulfate, sodium polystyrene sulfonate, soybean flour (e.g., infant formula), sucralfate.	levothyroxine sodium	sodium polystyrene sulfonate	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	meclofenamic acid	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	phenylbutazone	mechanism
Levothyroxine_ddi.xml	Binding to Serum Proteins: The following agents may either inhibit levothyroxine sodium binding to serum proteins or alter the concentrations of serum binding proteins: androgens and related anabolic hormones, asparaginase, clofibrate, estrogens and estrogen-containing compounds, 5-fluorouracil, furosemide, glucocorticoids, meclofenamic acid, mefenamic acid, methadone, perphenazine, phenylbutazone, phenytoin, salicylates, tamoxifen.	levothyroxine sodium	asparaginase	mechanism
Lidocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	norepinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Lidocaine_ddi.xml	Phenothiazines and butyrophenones may reduce or reverse the pressor effect of epinephrine.	butyrophenones	epinephrine	effect
Lidocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	norepinephrine	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Lidocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	epinephrine	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	effect
Lidocaine_ddi.xml	Phenothiazines and butyrophenones may reduce or reverse the pressor effect of epinephrine.	Phenothiazines	epinephrine	effect
Lidocaine_ddi.xml	The administration of local anesthetic solutions containing epinephrine or norepinephrine to patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants may produce severe, prolonged hypertension.	epinephrine	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Lincomycin_ddi.xml	Antagonism between lincomycin and erythromycin in vitro has been demonstrated.	lincomycin	erythromycin	effect
Lincomycin_ddi.xml	Lincomycin has been shown to have neuromuscular blocking properties that may enhance the action of other neuromuscular blocking agents.	Lincomycin	neuromuscular blocking agents	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Adrenergic Agents:Some individuals receiving ZYVOX may experience a reversible enhancement of the pressor response to indirect-acting sympathomimetic agents, vasopressor or dopaminergic agents.	ZYVOX	vasopressor	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Therefore, linezolid has the potential for interaction with adrenergic and serotonergic agents.	linezolid	serotonergic agents	int
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Spontaneous reports of serotonin syndrome associated with co-administration of ZYVOX and serotonergic agents, including antidepressants such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), have been reported.	ZYVOX	selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Spontaneous reports of serotonin syndrome associated with co-administration of ZYVOX and serotonergic agents, including antidepressants such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), have been reported.	ZYVOX	serotonergic agents	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Adrenergic Agents:Some individuals receiving ZYVOX may experience a reversible enhancement of the pressor response to indirect-acting sympathomimetic agents, vasopressor or dopaminergic agents.	ZYVOX	sympathomimetic agents	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	If any signs or symptoms occur physicians should consider discontinuation of either one or both agents (ZYVOX or concomitant serotonergic agents).	ZYVOX	serotonergic agents	advise
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Therefore, linezolid has the potential for interaction with adrenergic and serotonergic agents.	linezolid	adrenergic	int
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Spontaneous reports of serotonin syndrome associated with co-administration of ZYVOX and serotonergic agents, including antidepressants such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), have been reported.	ZYVOX	SSRIs	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Spontaneous reports of serotonin syndrome associated with co-administration of ZYVOX and serotonergic agents, including antidepressants such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), have been reported.	ZYVOX	antidepressants	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Adrenergic Agents:Some individuals receiving ZYVOX may experience a reversible enhancement of the pressor response to indirect-acting sympathomimetic agents, vasopressor or dopaminergic agents.	ZYVOX	dopaminergic agents	effect
Linezolid_ddi.xml	Patients who are treated with ZYVOX and concomitant serotonergic agents should be closely observed for signs and symptoms of serotonin syndrome (e.g., cognitive dysfunction, hyperpyrexia, hyperreflexia, incoordination).	ZYVOX	serotonergic agents	effect
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine: Cholestyramine binds both T4 and T3 in the intestine, thus impairing absorption of these thyroid hormones.	Cholestyramine	T3	mechanism
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Ketamine: When administered to patients on a thyroid preparation, this parenteral anesthetic may cause hypertension and tachycardia.	thyroid preparation	anesthetic	effect
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Patients stabilized on oral anticoagulants who are found to require thyroid replacement therapy should be watched very closely when thyroid is started.	anticoagulants	thyroid	advise
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Therefore, patients without a functioning thyroid gland who are on thyroid replacement therapy may need to increase their thyroid dose if estrogens or estrogen-containing oral contraceptives are given.	thyroid	estrogens	advise
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Vasopressors: Thyroxine increases the adrenergic effect of catecholamines such as epinephrine and norepinephrine.	Thyroxine	norepinephrine	effect
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Tricyclic Antidepressants: Use of thyroid products with imipramine and other tricyclic antidepressants may increase receptor sensitivity and enhance antidepressant activity transient cardiac arrhythmias have been observed.	thyroid products	imipramine	effect
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Tricyclic Antidepressants: Use of thyroid products with imipramine and other tricyclic antidepressants may increase receptor sensitivity and enhance antidepressant activity transient cardiac arrhythmias have been observed.	thyroid products	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Therefore, 4 to 5 hours should elapse between administration of cholestyramine and thyroid hormones.	cholestyramine	thyroid hormones	advise
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine: Cholestyramine binds both T4 and T3 in the intestine, thus impairing absorption of these thyroid hormones.	Cholestyramine	T4	mechanism
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	In a patient with a nonfunctioning thyroid gland who is receiving thyroid replacement therapy, free levothyroxine may be decreased when estrogens are started thus increasing thyroid requirements.	levothyroxine	estrogens	mechanism
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Therefore, patients without a functioning thyroid gland who are on thyroid replacement therapy may need to increase their thyroid dose if estrogens or estrogen-containing oral contraceptives are given.	thyroid	contraceptives	advise
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Digitalis: Thyroid preparations may potentiate the toxic effects of digitalis.	Thyroid preparations	digitalis	effect
Liothyronine_ddi.xml	Vasopressors: Thyroxine increases the adrenergic effect of catecholamines such as epinephrine and norepinephrine.	Thyroxine	epinephrine	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Methenamine therapy Urinary excretion of amphetamines is increased, and efficacy is reduced by acidifying agents used in methenamine therapy.	amphetamines	methenamine	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Antidepressants, tricyclic Amphetamines may enhance the activity of tricyclic antidepressants or sympathomimetic agents;	Amphetamines	sympathomimetic agents	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Norepinephrine: Amphetamines enhance the adrenergic effect of norepinephrine.	Amphetamines	norepinephrine	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary acidifying agents These agents (ammonium chloride, sodium acid phosphate, etc.) increase the concentration of the ionized species of the amphetamine molecule, thereby increasing urinary excretion.	ammonium chloride	amphetamine	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	d-amphetamine with desipramine or protriptyline and possibly other tricyclics cause striking and sustained increases in the concentration of d-amphetamine in the brain;	d-amphetamine	protriptyline	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Meperidine: Amphetamines potentiate the analgesic effect of meperidine.	Amphetamines	meperidine	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Adrenergic blockers Adrenergic blockers are inhibited by amphetamines.	Adrenergic blockers	amphetamines	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Ethosuximide: Amphetamines may delay intestinal absorption of ethosuximide.	Amphetamines	ethosuximide	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Urinary acidifying agents These agents (ammonium chloride, sodium acid phosphate, etc.) increase the concentration of the ionized species of the amphetamine molecule, thereby increasing urinary excretion.	sodium acid phosphate	amphetamine	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Antidepressants, tricyclic Amphetamines may enhance the activity of tricyclic antidepressants or sympathomimetic agents;	Amphetamines	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors MAOI antidepressants, as well as a metabolite of furazolidone, slow amphetamine metabolism.	furazolidone	amphetamine	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Haloperidol: Haloperidol blocks dopamine receptors, thus inhibiting the central stimulant effects of amphetamines.	Haloperidol	amphetamines	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital: Amphetamines may delay intestinal absorption of phenobarbital;	Amphetamines	phenobarbital	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Antihistamines: Amphetamines may counteract the sedative effect of antihistamines.	Amphetamines	antihistamines	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	d-amphetamine with desipramine or protriptyline and possibly other tricyclics cause striking and sustained increases in the concentration of d-amphetamine in the brain;	d-amphetamine	desipramine	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Veratrum alkaloids: Amphetamines inhibit the hypotensive effect of veratrum alkaloids.	Amphetamines	veratrum alkaloids	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: Amphetamines may delay intestinal absorption of phenytoin;	Amphetamines	phenytoin	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Antihypertensives: Amphetamines may antagonize the hypotensive effects of antihypertensives.	Amphetamines	antihypertensives	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Chlorpromazine: Chlorpromazine blocks dopamine and norepinephrine receptors, thus inhibiting the central stimulant effects of amphetamines and can be used to treat amphetamine poisoning.	Chlorpromazine	amphetamines	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Lithium carbonate: The anorectic and stimulatory effects of amphetamines may be inhibited by lithium carbonate.	amphetamines	lithium carbonate	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	d-amphetamine with desipramine or protriptyline and possibly other tricyclics cause striking and sustained increases in the concentration of d-amphetamine in the brain;	d-amphetamine	tricyclics	mechanism
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	Propoxyphene: In cases of propoxyphene overdosage, amphetamine CNS stimulation is potentiated and fatal convulsions can occur.	propoxyphene	amphetamine	effect
Lisdexamfetamine_ddi.xml	MAO inhibitors MAOI antidepressants, as well as a metabolite of furazolidone, slow amphetamine metabolism.	MAOI antidepressants	amphetamine	mechanism
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	It is recommended that serum lithium levels be monitored frequently if PRINIVIL is administered concomitantly with lithium.	PRINIVIL	lithium	advise
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Agents: In some patients with compromised renal function who are being treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the co-administration of lisinopril may result in a further deterioration of renal function.	non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs	lisinopril	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Use of PRINIVIL with potassium-sparing diuretics (e.g., spironolactone, triamterene, or amiloride), potassium supplements, or potassium-containing salt substitutes may lead to significant increases in serum potassium.	PRINIVIL	spironolactone	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Lithium toxicity was usually reversible upon discontinuation of lithium and the ACE inhibitor.	lithium	ACE inhibitor	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Use of PRINIVIL with potassium-sparing diuretics (e.g., spironolactone, triamterene, or amiloride), potassium supplements, or potassium-containing salt substitutes may lead to significant increases in serum potassium.	PRINIVIL	amiloride	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	When a diuretic is added to the therapy of a patient receiving PRINIVIL, an additional antihypertensive effect is usually observed.	diuretic	PRINIVIL	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Use of PRINIVIL with potassium-sparing diuretics (e.g., spironolactone, triamterene, or amiloride), potassium supplements, or potassium-containing salt substitutes may lead to significant increases in serum potassium.	PRINIVIL	potassium	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Use of PRINIVIL with potassium-sparing diuretics (e.g., spironolactone, triamterene, or amiloride), potassium supplements, or potassium-containing salt substitutes may lead to significant increases in serum potassium.	PRINIVIL	potassium-sparing diuretics	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Agents Increasing Serum Potassium: PRINIVIL attenuates potassium loss caused by thiazide-type diuretics.	PRINIVIL	thiazide-type diuretics	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of ACE inhibitors, including lisinopril.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Hypotension - Patients on Diuretic Therapy: Patients on diuretics, and especially those in whom diuretic therapy was recently instituted, may occasionally experience an excessive reduction of blood pressure after initiation of therapy with PRINIVIL.	diuretics	PRINIVIL	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Use of PRINIVIL with potassium-sparing diuretics (e.g., spironolactone, triamterene, or amiloride), potassium supplements, or potassium-containing salt substitutes may lead to significant increases in serum potassium.	PRINIVIL	triamterene	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of ACE inhibitors, including lisinopril.	NSAIDs	lisinopril	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Studies with ACE inhibitors in combination with diuretics indicate that the dose of the ACE inhibitor can be reduced when it is given with a diuretic.	ACE inhibitor	diuretic	advise
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	Lithium: Lithium toxicity has been reported in patients receiving lithium concomitantly with drugs which cause elimination of sodium, including ACE inhibitors.	lithium	ACE inhibitors	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	This interaction should be given consideration in patients taking NSAIDs concomitantly with ACE inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	advise
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	The possibility of hypotensive effects with PRINIVIL can be minimized by either discontinuing the diuretic or increasing the salt intake prior to initiation of treatment with PRINIVIL.	diuretic	PRINIVIL	effect
Lisinopril_ddi.xml	If it is necessary to continue the diuretic, initiate therapy with PRINIVIL at a dose of 5 mg daily, and provide close medical supervision after the initial dose until blood pressure has stabilized.	diuretic	PRINIVIL	advise
Lofexidine_ddi.xml	Lofexidine may enhance The CNS depressive effects of alcohol, barbiturates and other sedatives	Lofexidine	barbiturates	effect
Lofexidine_ddi.xml	concomitant use of tricyclic antidepressants may reduce The efficacy of lofexidine.	tricyclic antidepressants	lofexidine	effect
Lofexidine_ddi.xml	Lofexidine may enhance The CNS depressive effects of alcohol, barbiturates and other sedatives	Lofexidine	sedatives	effect
Lofexidine_ddi.xml	Lofexidine may enhance The CNS depressive effects of alcohol, barbiturates and other sedatives	Lofexidine	alcohol	effect
Lofexidine_ddi.xml	Lofexidine may enhance The effects of Anti-hypertensive drug therapy	Lofexidine	anti-hypertensive drug	effect
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids and sucralfate: Sucralfate and antacids containing magnesium or aluminum, as well as formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as Videx  (didanosine), chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution can form chelation complexes with lomefloxacin and interfere with its bioavailability.	Sucralfate	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids and sucralfate: Sucralfate and antacids containing magnesium or aluminum, as well as formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as Videx  (didanosine), chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution can form chelation complexes with lomefloxacin and interfere with its bioavailability.	Videx	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and aluminum-containing antacids, administered concomitantly with lomefloxacin, significantly decreased the bioavailability (48%) of lomefloxacin.	aluminum	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and aluminum-containing antacids, administered concomitantly with lomefloxacin, significantly decreased the bioavailability (48%) of lomefloxacin.	Magnesium	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Magnesium- and aluminum-containing antacids, administered concomitantly with lomefloxacin, significantly decreased the bioavailability (48%) of lomefloxacin.	antacids	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Cyclosporine: Elevated serum levels of cyclosporine have been reported with concomitant use of cyclosporine with other members of the quinolone class.	cyclosporine	quinolone class	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids and sucralfate: Sucralfate and antacids containing magnesium or aluminum, as well as formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as Videx  (didanosine), chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution can form chelation complexes with lomefloxacin and interfere with its bioavailability.	didanosine	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids and sucralfate: Sucralfate and antacids containing magnesium or aluminum, as well as formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as Videx  (didanosine), chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution can form chelation complexes with lomefloxacin and interfere with its bioavailability.	magnesium	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Other quinolones have demonstrated moderate to marked interference with the metabolism of caffeine, resulting in a reduced clearance, a prolongation of plasma half-life, and an increase in symptoms that accompany high levels of caffeine.	quinolones	caffeine	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Sucralfate administered 2 hours before lomefloxacin resulted in a slower absorption (mean C max decreased by 30% and mean T max increased by 1 hour) and a lesser extent of absorption (mean AUC decreased by approximately 25%).	Sucralfate	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: Cimetidine has been demonstrated to interfere with the elimination of other quinolones.	Cimetidine	quinolones	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Quinolones may enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant, warfarin, or its derivatives.	Quinolones	warfarin	effect
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Quinolones may enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant, warfarin, or its derivatives.	Quinolones	anticoagulant	effect
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Antacids and sucralfate: Sucralfate and antacids containing magnesium or aluminum, as well as formulations containing divalent and trivalent cations such as Videx  (didanosine), chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution can form chelation complexes with lomefloxacin and interfere with its bioavailability.	aluminum	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Lomefloxacin_ddi.xml	Separating the doses of antacid and lomefloxacin minimizes this decrease in bioavailability;	antacid	lomefloxacin	mechanism
Loratadine_ddi.xml	Plasma concentrations (AUC 0-24 hrs) of erythromycin decreased 15% with coadministration of loratadine relative to that observed with erythromycin alone.	erythromycin	loratadine	mechanism
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	benzodiazepines	ethyl alcohol	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	Lorazepam	phenothiazines	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Tablets: The benzodiazepines, including lorazepam, produce CNS-depressant effects when administered with such medications as barbiturates or alcohol.	benzodiazepines	barbiturates	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	benzodiazepines	MAO inhibitors	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	Lorazepam	ethyl alcohol	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Tablets: The benzodiazepines, including lorazepam, produce CNS-depressant effects when administered with such medications as barbiturates or alcohol.	benzodiazepines	alcohol	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	Lorazepam	MAO inhibitors	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	benzodiazepines	phenothiazines	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	Lorazepam	barbiturates	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	benzodiazepines	barbiturates	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	Lorazepam	antidepressants	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	scopolamine	lorazepam	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Injection: Lorazepam injection, like other injectable benzodiazepines, produces depression of the central nervous system when administered with ethyl alcohol, phenothiazines, barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, and other antidepressants.When scopolamine is used concomitantly with injectable lorazepam, an increased incidence of sedation, hallucinations, and irrational behavior has been observed.	benzodiazepines	antidepressants	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Tablets: The benzodiazepines, including lorazepam, produce CNS-depressant effects when administered with such medications as barbiturates or alcohol.	lorazepam	barbiturates	effect
Lorazepam_ddi.xml	Tablets: The benzodiazepines, including lorazepam, produce CNS-depressant effects when administered with such medications as barbiturates or alcohol.	lorazepam	alcohol	effect
Losartan_ddi.xml	Fluconazole, an inhibitor of P450 2C9, decreased active metabolite concentration and increased losartan concentration.	Fluconazole	losartan	mechanism
Losartan_ddi.xml	Rifampin, an inducer of drug metabolism, decreased the concentrations of losartan and its active metabolite.	Rifampin	losartan	mechanism
Losartan_ddi.xml	As with other antihypertensive agents, the antihypertensive effect of losartan may be blunted by the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug indomethacin	losartan	indomethacin	effect
Lovastatin_ddi.xml	Also, bleeding and/or increased prothrombin time have been reported in a few patients taking coumarin anticoagulants concomitantly with lovastatin.	coumarin anticoagulant	lovastatin	effect
Lovastatin_ddi.xml	Amiodarone or Verapamil: The risk of myopathy/rhabdomyolysis is increased when either amiodarone or verapamil is used concomitantly with a closely related member of the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor class (see WARNINGS, Myopathy/Rhabdomyolysis).	verapamil	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor class	effect
Lovastatin_ddi.xml	Danazol: The risk of myopathy/rhabdomyolysis is increased by concomitant administration of danazol particularly with higher doses of lovastatin (see WARNINGS, Myopathy/Rhabdomyolysis).	danazol	lovastatin	effect
Lovastatin_ddi.xml	Amiodarone or Verapamil: The risk of myopathy/rhabdomyolysis is increased when either amiodarone or verapamil is used concomitantly with a closely related member of the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor class (see WARNINGS, Myopathy/Rhabdomyolysis).	amiodarone	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor class	effect
Lovastatin_ddi.xml	However, another HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor has been found to produce a less than two-second increase in prothrombin time in healthy volunteers receiving low doses of warfarin.	HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor	warfarin	effect
Lovastatin_ddi.xml	It is recommended that in patients taking anticoagulants, prothrombin time be determined before starting lovastatin and frequently enough during early therapy to insure that no significant alteration of prothrombin time occurs.	anticoagulants	lovastatin	advise
Loxapine_ddi.xml	There have been rare reports of significant respiratory depression, stupor and/or hypotension with the concomitant use of loxapine and lorazepam.	loxapine	lorazepam	effect
Lymecycline_ddi.xml	The absorption of lymecycline may be affected by the simultaneous administration of indigestion remedies, iron or zinc supplements.	lymecycline	zinc	mechanism
Lymecycline_ddi.xml	The absorption of lymecycline may be affected by the simultaneous administration of indigestion remedies, iron or zinc supplements.	lymecycline	iron	mechanism
Lymecycline_ddi.xml	Oral contraceptives may be less effective while you are taking lymecycline.	contraceptives	lymecycline	effect
Meclofenamic acid_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Concurrent administration of aspirin may lower meclofenamate sodium plasma levels, possibly by competing for protein-binding sites.	aspirin	meclofenamate sodium	mechanism
Meclofenamic acid_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Meclofenamate sodium enhances the effect of warfarin.	Warfarin	Meclofenamate sodium	effect
Meclofenamic acid_ddi.xml	Therefore, when meclofenamate sodium is given to a patient receiving warfarin, the dosage of warfarin should be reduced to prevent excessive prolongation of the prothrombin time.	meclofenamate sodium	warfarin	advise
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: NSAIDs have been reported to competitively inhibit methotrexate accumulation in rabbit kidney slices.	NSAIDs	methotrexate	mechanism
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	ACE inhibitors: Reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of ACE inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	effect
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	During concomitant therapy of Ponstel with furosemide, the patient should be observed closely for signs of renal failure, as well as to assure diuretic efficacy.	Ponstel	furosemide	advise
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post-marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	furosemide	effect
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Aspirin: As with other NSAIDs, concomitant administration of Ponstel and aspirin is not generally recommended because of the potential of increased adverse effects.	Ponstel	aspirin	advise
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Lithium: NSAIDs have produced an elevation of plasma lithium levels and a reduction in renal lithium clearance.	NSAIDs	lithium	mechanism
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Antacids: In a single dose study (n=6), ingestion of an antacid containing 1.7-gram of magnesium hydroxide with 500-mg of mefenamic acid increased the Cmax and AUC of mefenamic acid by 125% and 36%, respectively.  A number of compounds are inhibitors of CYP2C9 including fluconazole, lovastatin and trimethoprim.	magnesium hydroxide	mefenamic acid	mechanism
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	This interaction should be given consideration in patients taking NSAIDs concomitantly with ACE inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	advise
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Warfarin: The effects of warfarin and NSAIDs on GI bleeding are synergistic, such that users of both drugs together have a risk of serious GI bleeding higher than users of either drug alone.	warfarin	NSAIDs	effect
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Thus, when NSAIDs and lithium are administered concurrently, subjects should be observed carefully for signs of lithium toxicity.	NSAIDs	lithium	advise
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Caution should be used when NSAIDs are administered concomitantly with methotrexate.	NSAIDs	methotrexate	advise
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Lithium: NSAIDs have produced an elevation of plasma lithium levels and a reduction in renal lithium clearance.	NSAIDs	lithium	mechanism
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post-marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	thiazides	effect
Mefenamic acid_ddi.xml	Aspirin: As with other NSAIDs, concomitant administration of Ponstel and aspirin is not generally recommended because of the potential of increased adverse effects.	NSAIDs	aspirin	advise
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	Nevertheless, the effects of Mefloquine on travelers receiving comedication, particularly diabetics or patients using anticoagulants, should be checked before departure.	Mefloquine	anticoagulants	advise
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	This appears to be the only clinically relevant interaction of this kind with Mefloquine, although theoretically, coadministration of other drugs known to alter cardiac conduction (eg, anti-arrhythmic or beta-adrenergic blocking agents, calcium channel blockers, antihistamines or H1-blocking agents, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines) might also contribute to a prolongation of the QTc interval.	Mefloquine	phenothiazines	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	This appears to be the only clinically relevant interaction of this kind with Mefloquine, although theoretically, coadministration of other drugs known to alter cardiac conduction (eg, anti-arrhythmic or beta-adrenergic blocking agents, calcium channel blockers, antihistamines or H1-blocking agents, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines) might also contribute to a prolongation of the QTc interval.	Mefloquine	anti-arrhythmic	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	This appears to be the only clinically relevant interaction of this kind with Mefloquine, although theoretically, coadministration of other drugs known to alter cardiac conduction (eg, anti-arrhythmic or beta-adrenergic blocking agents, calcium channel blockers, antihistamines or H1-blocking agents, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines) might also contribute to a prolongation of the QTc interval.	Mefloquine	H1-blocking agents	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	Because of the danger of a potentially fatal prolongation of the QTc interval, halofantrine must not be given simultaneously with or subsequent to Mefloquine.	halofantrine	Mefloquine	advise
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	When Mefloquine is taken concurrently with oral live typhoid vaccines, attenuation of immunization cannot be excluded.	Mefloquine	live typhoid vaccines	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of Mefloquine and other related compounds (eg, quinine, quinidine and chloroquine) may produce electrocardiographic abnormalities and increase the risk of convulsions.	Mefloquine	quinine	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	This appears to be the only clinically relevant interaction of this kind with Mefloquine, although theoretically, coadministration of other drugs known to alter cardiac conduction (eg, anti-arrhythmic or beta-adrenergic blocking agents, calcium channel blockers, antihistamines or H1-blocking agents, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines) might also contribute to a prolongation of the QTc interval.	Mefloquine	calcium channel blockers	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	This appears to be the only clinically relevant interaction of this kind with Mefloquine, although theoretically, coadministration of other drugs known to alter cardiac conduction (eg, anti-arrhythmic or beta-adrenergic blocking agents, calcium channel blockers, antihistamines or H1-blocking agents, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines) might also contribute to a prolongation of the QTc interval.	Mefloquine	tricyclic antidepressants	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	In patients taking an anticonvulsant (eg, valproic acid, carbamazepine, phenobarbital or phenytoin), the concomitant use of Mefloquine may reduce seizure control by lowering the plasma levels of the anticonvulsant.	carbamazepine	Mefloquine	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	In patients taking an anticonvulsant (eg, valproic acid, carbamazepine, phenobarbital or phenytoin), the concomitant use of Mefloquine may reduce seizure control by lowering the plasma levels of the anticonvulsant.	valproic acid	Mefloquine	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	In patients taking an anticonvulsant (eg, valproic acid, carbamazepine, phenobarbital or phenytoin), the concomitant use of Mefloquine may reduce seizure control by lowering the plasma levels of the anticonvulsant.	anticonvulsant	Mefloquine	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	This appears to be the only clinically relevant interaction of this kind with Mefloquine, although theoretically, coadministration of other drugs known to alter cardiac conduction (eg, anti-arrhythmic or beta-adrenergic blocking agents, calcium channel blockers, antihistamines or H1-blocking agents, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines) might also contribute to a prolongation of the QTc interval.	Mefloquine	beta-adrenergic blocking agents	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	This appears to be the only clinically relevant interaction of this kind with Mefloquine, although theoretically, coadministration of other drugs known to alter cardiac conduction (eg, anti-arrhythmic or beta-adrenergic blocking agents, calcium channel blockers, antihistamines or H1-blocking agents, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines) might also contribute to a prolongation of the QTc interval.	Mefloquine	antihistamines	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	In patients taking an anticonvulsant (eg, valproic acid, carbamazepine, phenobarbital or phenytoin), the concomitant use of Mefloquine may reduce seizure control by lowering the plasma levels of the anticonvulsant.	phenobarbital	Mefloquine	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	In patients taking an anticonvulsant (eg, valproic acid, carbamazepine, phenobarbital or phenytoin), the concomitant use of Mefloquine may reduce seizure control by lowering the plasma levels of the anticonvulsant.	phenytoin	Mefloquine	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of Mefloquine and other related compounds (eg, quinine, quinidine and chloroquine) may produce electrocardiographic abnormalities and increase the risk of convulsions.	Mefloquine	quinidine	effect
Mefloquine_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of Mefloquine and other related compounds (eg, quinine, quinidine and chloroquine) may produce electrocardiographic abnormalities and increase the risk of convulsions.	Mefloquine	chloroquine	effect
Menadione_ddi.xml	Orlistat-Orlistat may decrease the absorption of vitamin K.	Orlistat	vitamin K	mechanism
Menadione_ddi.xml	Warfarin-Vitamin K can antagonize the effect of warfarin	Vitamin K	warfarin	effect
Menadione_ddi.xml	Mineral Oil-Concomitant intake of mineral oil and vitamin K may reduce the absorption of vitamin K.	mineral oil	vitamin K	mechanism
Menadione_ddi.xml	Colestipol-Concomitant intake of colestipol and vitamin K may reduce the absorption of vitamin K.	colestipol	vitamin K	mechanism
Menadione_ddi.xml	Cholestyramine-Concomitant intake of cholestyramine and vitamin K may reduce the absorption of vitamin K.	cholestyramine	vitamin K	mechanism
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone should be administered with caution to patients who are taking other psychoactive drugs or CNS depressants, including alcohol, barbiturates and narcotic analgesics, or to those with a history of psychiatric disorder (including manic-depressive illness and schizophrenia).	Nabilone	CNS depressants	advise
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone has been shown to have an additive CNS depressant effect when given with either diazepam, secobarbitone sodium, alcohol or codeine.	Nabilone	alcohol	effect
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone should be administered with caution to patients who are taking other psychoactive drugs or CNS depressants, including alcohol, barbiturates and narcotic analgesics, or to those with a history of psychiatric disorder (including manic-depressive illness and schizophrenia).	Nabilone	alcohol	advise
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone has been shown to have an additive CNS depressant effect when given with either diazepam, secobarbitone sodium, alcohol or codeine.	Nabilone	diazepam	effect
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone should be administered with caution to patients who are taking other psychoactive drugs or CNS depressants, including alcohol, barbiturates and narcotic analgesics, or to those with a history of psychiatric disorder (including manic-depressive illness and schizophrenia).	Nabilone	psychoactive drugs	advise
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone has been shown to have an additive CNS depressant effect when given with either diazepam, secobarbitone sodium, alcohol or codeine.	Nabilone	secobarbitone sodium	effect
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone has been shown to have an additive CNS depressant effect when given with either diazepam, secobarbitone sodium, alcohol or codeine.	Nabilone	codeine	effect
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone should be administered with caution to patients who are taking other psychoactive drugs or CNS depressants, including alcohol, barbiturates and narcotic analgesics, or to those with a history of psychiatric disorder (including manic-depressive illness and schizophrenia).	Nabilone	barbiturates	advise
Nabilone_ddi.xml	Nabilone should be administered with caution to patients who are taking other psychoactive drugs or CNS depressants, including alcohol, barbiturates and narcotic analgesics, or to those with a history of psychiatric disorder (including manic-depressive illness and schizophrenia).	Nabilone	narcotic analgesics	advise
Nabumetone_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised when administering nabumetone with warfarin since interactions have been seen with other NSAIDs.	warfarin	NSAIDs	int
Nabumetone_ddi.xml	Caution should be exercised when administering nabumetone with warfarin since interactions have been seen with other NSAIDs.	nabumetone	warfarin	advise
Nadolol_ddi.xml	When administered concurrently, the following drugs may interact with beta-adrenergic receptor blocking agents: Anesthetics, general: exaggeration of the hypotension induced by general anesthetics.	beta-adrenergic receptor blocking agents	Anesthetics	int
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including nalidixic acid, may enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant warfarin or its derivatives.	Quinolones	warfarin	effect
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	Nitrofurantoin interferes with the therapeutic action of nalidixic acid.	Nitrofurantoin	nalidixic acid	effect
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	and Videx , (Didanosine), chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic levels considerably lower than desired.	Videx	quinolones	mechanism
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	Elevated serum levels of cyclosporine have been reported with the concomitant use of some quinolones and cyclosporine.	quinolones	cyclosporine	mechanism
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	Quinolones have been shown to interfere with the metabolism of caffeine.	Quinolones	caffeine	mechanism
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including nalidixic acid, may enhance the effects of the oral anticoagulant warfarin or its derivatives.	nalidixic acid	warfarin	effect
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	Elevated plasma levels of theophylline have been reported with concomitant quinolone use.	theophylline	quinolone	mechanism
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	and Videx , (Didanosine), chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution may substantially interfere with the absorption of quinolones, resulting in systemic levels considerably lower than desired.	Didanosine	quinolones	mechanism
Nalidixic Acid_ddi.xml	There have been reports of theophylline-related side effects in patients on concomitant therapy with quinolones and theophylline.	quinolones	theophylline	effect
Naltrexone_ddi.xml	The safety and efficacy of concomitant use of REVIA and disulfiram is unknown, and the concomitant use of two potentially hepatotoxic medications is not ordinarily recommended unless the probable benefits outweigh the known risks.	REVIA	disulfiram	effect
Naltrexone_ddi.xml	Lethargy and somnolence have been reported following doses of REVIA and thioridazine.	REVIA	thioridazine	effect
Naltrexone_ddi.xml	In an emergency situation when opioid analgesia must be administered to a patient receiving REVIA, the amount of opioid required may be greater than usual, and the resulting respiratory depression may be deeper and more prolonged.	REVIA	opioid	effect
Naltrexone_ddi.xml	Patients taking REVIA may not benefit from opioid containing medicines, such as cough and cold preparations, antidiarrheal preparations, and opioid analgesics.	REVIA	opioid	effect
Naltrexone_ddi.xml	Patients taking REVIA may not benefit from opioid containing medicines, such as cough and cold preparations, antidiarrheal preparations, and opioid analgesics.	REVIA	opioid analgesics	effect
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Naproxen and other NSAIDs can reduce the antihypertensive effect of propranolol and other beta-blockers.	NSAIDs	propranolol	effect
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Naproxen and other NSAIDs can reduce the antihypertensive effect of propranolol and other beta-blockers.	Naproxen	propranolol	effect
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Probenecid given concurrently increases naproxen anion plasma levels and extends its plasma half-life significantly.	Probenecid	naproxen	mechanism
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Naproxen, naproxen sodium and other NSAIDs have been reported to reduce the tubular secretion of methotrexate in an animal model, possibly increasing the toxicity of methotrexate.	NSAIDs	methotrexate	mechanism
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Naproxen and other NSAIDs can reduce the antihypertensive effect of propranolol and other beta-blockers.	Naproxen	beta-blockers	effect
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Naproxen and other NSAIDs can reduce the antihypertensive effect of propranolol and other beta-blockers.	NSAIDs	beta-blockers	effect
Naproxen_ddi.xml	The use of NSAIDs in patients who are receiving ACE inhibitors may potentiate renal disease states.	NSAIDs	ACE inhibitors	effect
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Naproxen, naproxen sodium and other NSAIDs have been reported to reduce the tubular secretion of methotrexate in an animal model, possibly increasing the toxicity of methotrexate.	Naproxen	methotrexate	mechanism
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of naproxen and aspirin is not recommended because naproxen is displaced from its binding sites during the concomitant administration of aspirin, resulting in lower plasma concentrations and peak plasma levels.	naproxen	aspirin	advise
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Naproxen, naproxen sodium and other NSAIDs have been reported to reduce the tubular secretion of methotrexate in an animal model, possibly increasing the toxicity of methotrexate.	naproxen sodium	methotrexate	mechanism
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Caution should be used if naproxen is administered concomitantly with methotrexate.	naproxen	methotrexate	advise
Naproxen_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of naproxen and aspirin is not recommended because naproxen is displaced from its binding sites during the concomitant administration of aspirin, resulting in lower plasma concentrations and peak plasma levels.	naproxen	aspirin	advise
Naratriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and naratriptan within 24 hours is contraindicated.	dihydroergotamine	naratriptan	advise
Naratriptan_ddi.xml	If concomitant treatment with naratriptan and an SSRI is clinically warranted, appropriate observation of the patient is advised.	naratriptan	SSRI	advise
Naratriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and naratriptan within 24 hours is contraindicated.	methysergide	naratriptan	advise
Naratriptan_ddi.xml	Because their vasospastic effects may be additive, coadministration of naratriptan and other 5-HT1 agonists within 24 hours of each other is not recommended.	naratriptan	5-HT1 agonists	advise
Naratriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and naratriptan within 24 hours is contraindicated.	ergot-type medications	naratriptan	advise
Naratriptan_ddi.xml	Because there is a theoretical basis that these effects may be additive, use of ergotamine-containing or ergot-type medications (like dihydroergotamine or methysergide) and naratriptan within 24 hours is contraindicated.	ergotamine	naratriptan	advise
Natalizumab_ddi.xml	After multiple dosing, interferon beta-1a (AVONEX  30 mcg IM once weekly) reduced TYSABRI  clearance by approximately 30%.	interferon beta-1a	TYSABRI	mechanism
Natalizumab_ddi.xml	After multiple dosing, interferon beta-1a (AVONEX  30 mcg IM once weekly) reduced TYSABRI  clearance by approximately 30%.	AVONEX	TYSABRI	mechanism
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	NSAIDs	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	sympathomimetics	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	corticosteroids	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	thyroid products	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	corticosteroids	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	thiazides	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	salicylates	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Starlix is a potential inhibitor of the CYP2C9 isoenzyme in vivo as indicated by its ability to inhibit the in vitro metabolism of tolbutamide.	Starlix	tolbutamide	mechanism
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	NSAIDs	antidiabetic drugs	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	monoamine oxidase inhibitors	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	sympathomimetics	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs), salicylates, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and non-selective beta-adrenergic-blocking agents may potentiate the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	salicylates	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	thyroid products	Starlix	effect
Nateglinide_ddi.xml	Certain drugs including thiazides, corticosteroids, thyroid products, and sympathomimetics may reduce the hypoglycemic action of Starlix and other oral antidiabetic drugs.	thiazides	Starlix	effect
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Saquinavir: Coadministration of saquinavir (using an experimental soft-gelatin capsule formulation of saquinavir 1200mg) with VIRACEPT resulted in an 18% increase in nelfinavir plasma AUC and a 4-fold increase in saquinavir plasma A.C.	saquinavir	VIRACEPT	mechanism
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	cisapride	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	rifampin	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	therefore, nelfinavir should be administered (with food) one hour after or more than two hours before didanosine.	nelfinavir	didanosine	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Indinavir: Coadministration of indinavir with VIRACEPT resulted in an 83% increase in nelfinavir plasma AUC and a 51% increase in indinavir plasma A.C.	indinavir	VIRACEPT	mechanism
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	quinidine	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	astemizole	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs Which Require a Dose Reduction When Coadminstered With VIRACEPT Antimycobacterial agents: rifabutin	VIRACEPT	Antimycobacterial agents	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	terfenadine	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	therefore, VIRACEPT should not be administered concurrently with terfenadine because of the potential for serious and/or life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias.	VIRACEPT	terfenadine	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Rifabutin: Coadministration of rifabutin and VIRACEPT resulted in a 32% decrease in nelfinavir plasma AUC and a 207% increase in rifabutin plasma A.C.	rifabutin	VIRACEPT	mechanism
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Ethinyl Estradiol and Norethindrone: Coadministration of VIRACEPT with OVCON-35 resulted in a 47% decrease in ethinyl estradiol and an 18% decrease in norethindrone plasma concentrations.	VIRACEPT	OVCON-35	mechanism
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	Antimycobacterial agents	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Rifampin: Coadministration of rifampin and VIRACEPT resulted in an 82% decrease in nelfinavir plasma A.C.	rifampin	VIRACEPT	mechanism
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	amiodarone	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	Antiarrhythmics	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	A dose adjustment is not needed when zidovudine is administered with VIRACEPT.	zidovudine	VIRACEPT	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	triazolam	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	Benzodiazepines	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	It is recommended that the dose of rifabutin be reduced to one-half the usual dose when administered with VIRACEPT.	rifabutin	VIRACEPT	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	Antihistamines	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	VIRACEPT and rifampin should not be coadministered.	VIRACEPT	rifampin	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	ergot derivatives	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs That Should Not Be Coadministered With VIRACEPT Antiarrhythmics: amiodarone, quinidine Antihistamines: astemizole, terfenadine Antimigraine: ergot derivatives Antimycobacterial agents: rifampin Benzodiazepines midazolam, triazolam GI motility agents: cisapride	VIRACEPT	midazolam	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Ritonavir: Coadministration of ritonavir with VIRACEPT resulted in a 152% increase in nelfinavir plasma AUC and very little change in ritonavir plasma A.C.	ritonavir	VIRACEPT	mechanism
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole: Coadministration of ketoconazole with VIRACEPT resulted in a 35% increase in nelfinavir plasma A.C.	ketoconazole	VIRACEPT	mechanism
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Because a similar interaction is likely, VIRACEPT should also not be administered concurrently with astemizole.	VIRACEPT	astemizole	advise
Nelfinavir_ddi.xml	Drugs Which Require a Dose Reduction When Coadminstered With VIRACEPT Antimycobacterial agents: rifabutin	VIRACEPT	rifabutin	advise
Neomycin_ddi.xml	Oral neomycin sulfate may enhance the effect of coumarin in anticoagulants by decreasing vitamin K availability.	neomycin sulfate	anticoagulants	effect
Neomycin_ddi.xml	Oral neomycin inhibits the gastrointestinal absorption of penicillin V, oral vitamin B-12, methotrexate and 5-fluorouracil.	neomycin	methotrexate	mechanism
Neomycin_ddi.xml	Oral neomycin sulfate may enhance the effect of coumarin in anticoagulants by decreasing vitamin K availability.	neomycin sulfate	coumarin	effect
Neomycin_ddi.xml	Oral neomycin inhibits the gastrointestinal absorption of penicillin V, oral vitamin B-12, methotrexate and 5-fluorouracil.	neomycin	5-fluorouracil	mechanism
Neomycin_ddi.xml	Oral neomycin inhibits the gastrointestinal absorption of penicillin V, oral vitamin B-12, methotrexate and 5-fluorouracil.	neomycin	penicillin V	mechanism
Neomycin_ddi.xml	Oral neomycin inhibits the gastrointestinal absorption of penicillin V, oral vitamin B-12, methotrexate and 5-fluorouracil.	neomycin	vitamin B-12	mechanism
Neostigmine_ddi.xml	These antibiotics should be used in the myasthenic patient only where definitely indicated, and then careful adjustment should be made of adjunctive anticholinesterase dosage.	antibiotics	anticholinesterase	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	A dose increase of lopinavir/ritonavir to 533/133 mg twice daily with food isrecommended in combination with nevirapine.	lopinavir	nevirapine	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	Oral contraceptives and other hormonalmethods of birth control should not be usedas the sole method of contraception inwomen taking nevirapine, since nevirapinemay lower the plasma levels of thesemedications.	contraceptives	nevirapine	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	The in vitro interaction between nevirapine and the antithrombotic agent warfarin is complex.	nevirapine	warfarin	int
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	aBased on reports of narcotic withdrawal syndrome in patients treated with nevirapine and methadone concurrently, and evidence of decreased plasma concentrations of methadone.	nevirapine	methadone	effect
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	A dose increase of lopinavir/ritonavir to 533/133 mg twice daily with food isrecommended in combination with nevirapine.	ritonavir	nevirapine	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	Methadone levels may be decreased; increased dosages may be required to prevent symptoms of opiate withdrawal. Methadone maintained patients beginning nevirapine therapy should be monitored forevidence of withdrawal and methadone dose should be adjusted accordingly.	Methadone	nevirapine	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	Nevirapine and rifampin should not beadministered concomitantly becausedecreases in nevirapine plasmaconcentrations may reduce the efficacy ofthe drug.	Nevirapine	rifampin	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	Nevirapine and ketoconazole should not beadministered concomitantly becausedecreases in ketoconazole plasmaconcentrations may reduce the efficacy of the drug.	Nevirapine	ketoconazole	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	When warfarin is co-administered with nevirapine, anticoagulation levels should be monitored frequently.	warfarin	nevirapine	advise
Nevirapine_ddi.xml	Clarithromycin exposure was significantly decreased by nevirapine;	Clarithromycin	nevirapine	mechanism
Niacin_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Concomitant aspirin may decrease the metabolic clearance of nicotinic acid.	aspirin	nicotinic acid	mechanism
Niacin_ddi.xml	Interactions for Vitamin B3 (Niacin): Antihypertensive Therapy: Nicotinic acid may potentiate the effects of ganglionic blocking agents and vasoactive drugs resulting in postural hypotension.	Nicotinic acid	ganglionic blocking agents	effect
Nicardipine_ddi.xml	Nicardipine HCl usually does not alter the plasma levels of digoxin, however, serum digoxin levels should be evaluated after concomitant therapy with nicardipine HCl is initiated.	digoxin	nicardipine HCl	advise
Nicardipine_ddi.xml	Digoxin: Some calcium blockers may increase the concentration of digitalis preparations in the blood.	calcium blockers	digitalis preparations	mechanism
Nicardipine_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: Cimetidine increases nicardipine HCl plasma levels.	Cimetidine	nicardipine HCl	mechanism
Nicardipine_ddi.xml	Plasma concentrations of cyclosporine should therefore be closely monitored, and its dosage reduced accordingly, in patients treated with nicardipine.	cyclosporine	nicardipine	advise
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	If nifedipine therapy is initiated in a patient currently receiving cimetidine, cautious titration is advised.	nifedipine	cimetidine	advise
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Digitalis: Immediate Release Capsules: Since there have been isolated reports of patients with elevated digoxin levels, and there is a possible interaction between digoxin and nifedipine, it is recommended that digoxin levels be monitored when initiating, adjusting, and discontinuing nifedipine to avoid possible over- or under-digitalization.	digoxin	nifedipine	advise
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Since there have been isolated reports of patients with elevated digoxin levels, it is recommended that digoxin levels be monitored when initiating, adjusting, and discontinuing nifedipine to avoid possible over- or under-digitalization.	digoxin	nifedipine	advise
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Coumarin Anticoagulants: There have been rare reports of increased prothrombin time in patients taking coumarin anticoagulants to whom nifedipine was administered.	coumarin anticoagulants	nifedipine	effect
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Beta-adrenergic Blocking Agents: Experience in over 1400 patients in a non-comparative clinical trial has shown that concomitant administration of nifedipine and beta-blocking agents is usually well tolerated, but there have been occasional literature reports suggesting that the combination may increase the likelihood of congestive heart failure, severe hypotension or exacerbation of angina.	nifedipine	beta-blocking agents	effect
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Digitalis: Immediate Release Capsules: Since there have been isolated reports of patients with elevated digoxin levels, and there is a possible interaction between digoxin and nifedipine, it is recommended that digoxin levels be monitored when initiating, adjusting, and discontinuing nifedipine to avoid possible over- or under-digitalization.	digoxin	nifedipine	int
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Extended Release Tablets: Administration of nifedipine with digoxin increased digoxin levels in 9 of 12 normal volunteers.	digoxin	digoxin	mechanism
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: A study in 6 healthy volunteers has shown a significant increase in peak nifedipine plasma levels (80%) and area-under-the-curve (74%) after a 1 week course of cimetidine at 1000 mg per day and nifedipine at 40 mg per day.	cimetidine	nifedipine	mechanism
Nifedipine_ddi.xml	Quinidine: Immediate Release Capsules: There have been rare reports of an interaction between quinidine and nifedipine (with a decreased plasma level of quinidine).	quinidine	nifedipine	mechanism
Nilutamide_ddi.xml	For example, when vitamin K antagonists are administered concomitantly with nilutamide, prothrombin time should be carefully monitored and if necessary, the dosage of vitamin K antagonists should be reduced.	vitamin K antagonists	nilutamide	advise
Nimodipine_ddi.xml	In Europe, Nimotop  was observed to occasionally intensify the effect of antihypertensive compounds taken concomitantly by patients suffering from hypertension;	Nimotop	antihypertensive compounds	effect
Nimodipine_ddi.xml	It is possible that the cardiovascular action of other calcium channel blockers could be enhanced by the addition of Nimotop .	calcium channel blockers	Nimotop	effect
Nimodipine_ddi.xml	A study in eight healthy volunteers has shown a 50% increase in mean peak nimodipine plasma concentrations and a 90% increase in mean area under the curve, after a one week course of cimetidine at 1,000 mg/day and nimodipine at 90 mg/day.	cimetidine	nimodipine	mechanism
Nisoldipine_ddi.xml	Propranolol attenuated the heart rate increase following administration of immediate release nisoldipine.	Propranolol	nisoldipine	effect
Nisoldipine_ddi.xml	Coadministration of SULAR with phenytoin or any known CYP3A4 inducer should be avoided and alternative antihypertensive therapy should be considered.	SULAR	phenytoin	advise
Nisoldipine_ddi.xml	Coadministration of phenytoin with 40 mg SULAR tablets in epileptic patients lowered the nisoldipine plasma concentrations to undetectable levels.	phenytoin	SULAR	mechanism
Nisoldipine_ddi.xml	The immediate release, but not the coat-core formulation of nisoldipine increased plasma quinidine concentrations by about 20%.	nisoldipine	quinidine	mechanism
Nisoldipine_ddi.xml	The blood pressure effect of SULAR tended to be greater in patients on atenolol than in patients on no other antihypertensive therapy.	SULAR	atenolol	effect
Nisoldipine_ddi.xml	A 30 to 45% increase in AUC and Cmax of nisoldipine was observed with concomitant administration of cimetidine 400 mg twice daily.	nisoldipine	cimetidine 400 mg	mechanism
Nisoldipine_ddi.xml	Quinidine at 648 mg bid decreased the bioavailability (AUC) of nisoldipine by 26%, but not the peak concentration.	Quinidine	nisoldipine	mechanism
Nitazoxanide_ddi.xml	Therefore, caution should be used when administering nitazoxanide concurrently with other highly plasma protein-bound drugs with narrow therapeutic indices, as competition for binding sites may occur (e.g., warfarin).	nitazoxanide	warfarin	mechanism
Nitric Oxide_ddi.xml	Although there are no study data to evaluate the possibility, nitric oxide donor compounds, including sodium nitroprusside and nitroglycerin, may have an additive effect with INOmax on the risk of developing methemoglobinemia.	nitroglycerin	INOmax	effect
Nitric Oxide_ddi.xml	Although there are no study data to evaluate the possibility, nitric oxide donor compounds, including sodium nitroprusside and nitroglycerin, may have an additive effect with INOmax on the risk of developing methemoglobinemia.	nitric oxide donor compounds	INOmax	effect
Nitric Oxide_ddi.xml	Although there are no study data to evaluate the possibility, nitric oxide donor compounds, including sodium nitroprusside and nitroglycerin, may have an additive effect with INOmax on the risk of developing methemoglobinemia.	sodium nitroprusside	INOmax	effect
Nitrofurantoin_ddi.xml	Uricosuric drugs, such as probenecid and sulfinpyrazone, can inhibit renal tubular secretion of nitrofurantoin.	probenecid	nitrofurantoin	mechanism
Nitrofurantoin_ddi.xml	Antacids containing magnesium trisilicate, when administered concomitantly with nitrofurantoin, reduce both the rate and extent of absorption.	magnesium trisilicate	nitrofurantoin	mechanism
Nitrofurantoin_ddi.xml	Uricosuric drugs, such as probenecid and sulfinpyrazone, can inhibit renal tubular secretion of nitrofurantoin.	sulfinpyrazone	nitrofurantoin	mechanism
Nitrofurantoin_ddi.xml	Uricosuric drugs, such as probenecid and sulfinpyrazone, can inhibit renal tubular secretion of nitrofurantoin.	Uricosuric drugs	nitrofurantoin	mechanism
Nitrofurantoin_ddi.xml	The mechanism for this interaction probably is adsorption of nitrofurantoin onto the surface of magnesium trisilicate.	nitrofurantoin	magnesium trisilicate	mechanism
Nitroglycerin_ddi.xml	Marked symptomatic orthostatic hypotension has been reported when calcium channel blockers and organic nitrates were used in combination.	calcium channel blockers	nitrates	effect
Nitroglycerin_ddi.xml	The vasodilating effects of nitroglycerin may be additive with those of other vasodilators.	nitroglycerin	vasodilators	effect
Nizatidine_ddi.xml	In patients given very high doses (3900 mg) of aspirin daily, increases in serum salicylate levels were seen when nizatidine, 150 mg b.i.d., was administered concurrently.	aspirin	nizatidine	mechanism
Norethindrone_ddi.xml	The effectiveness of progestin-only pills is reduced by hepatic enzyme-inducing drugs such as the anticonvulsants phenytoin, carbamazepine, and barbiturates, and the antituberculosis drug rifampin.	progestin	phenytoin	effect
Norethindrone_ddi.xml	The effectiveness of progestin-only pills is reduced by hepatic enzyme-inducing drugs such as the anticonvulsants phenytoin, carbamazepine, and barbiturates, and the antituberculosis drug rifampin.	progestin	rifampin	effect
Norethindrone_ddi.xml	The effectiveness of progestin-only pills is reduced by hepatic enzyme-inducing drugs such as the anticonvulsants phenytoin, carbamazepine, and barbiturates, and the antituberculosis drug rifampin.	progestin	carbamazepine	effect
Norethindrone_ddi.xml	The effectiveness of progestin-only pills is reduced by hepatic enzyme-inducing drugs such as the anticonvulsants phenytoin, carbamazepine, and barbiturates, and the antituberculosis drug rifampin.	progestin	barbiturates	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivitamins, or other products containing iron or zinc, antacids or sucralfate should not be administered concomitantly with, or within 2 hours of, the administration of norfloxacin, because they may interfere with absorption resulting in lower serum and urine levels of norfloxacin.	antacids	norfloxacin	advise
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including norfloxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, including warfarin or its derivatives or similar agents.	norfloxacin	anticoagulants	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Videx (Didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be administered concomitantly with, or within 2 hours of, the administration of norfloxacin, because these products may interfere with absorption resulting in lower serum and urine levels of norfloxacin.	Didanosine	norfloxacin	advise
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Elevated serum levels of cyclosporine have been reported with concomitant use of cyclosporine with norfloxacin.	cyclosporine	norfloxacin	mechanism
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	The concomitant use of nitrofurantoin is not recommended since nitrofurantoin may antagonize the antibacterial effect of Norfloxacin in the urinary tract.	nitrofurantoin	Norfloxacin	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivitamins, or other products containing iron or zinc, antacids or sucralfate should not be administered concomitantly with, or within 2 hours of, the administration of norfloxacin, because they may interfere with absorption resulting in lower serum and urine levels of norfloxacin.	iron	norfloxacin	advise
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including norfloxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, including warfarin or its derivatives or similar agents.	Quinolones	anticoagulants	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including norfloxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, including warfarin or its derivatives or similar agents.	norfloxacin	warfarin	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivitamins, or other products containing iron or zinc, antacids or sucralfate should not be administered concomitantly with, or within 2 hours of, the administration of norfloxacin, because they may interfere with absorption resulting in lower serum and urine levels of norfloxacin.	Multivitamins	norfloxacin	advise
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Videx (Didanosine) chewable/buffered tablets or the pediatric powder for oral solution should not be administered concomitantly with, or within 2 hours of, the administration of norfloxacin, because these products may interfere with absorption resulting in lower serum and urine levels of norfloxacin.	Videx	norfloxacin	advise
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Elevated plasma levels of theophylline have been reported with concomitant quinolone use.	theophylline	quinolone	mechanism
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Diminished urinary excretion of norfloxacin has been reported during the concomitant administration of probenecid and norfloxacin.	probenecid	norfloxacin	mechanism
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivitamins, or other products containing iron or zinc, antacids or sucralfate should not be administered concomitantly with, or within 2 hours of, the administration of norfloxacin, because they may interfere with absorption resulting in lower serum and urine levels of norfloxacin.	sucralfate	norfloxacin	advise
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Multivitamins, or other products containing iron or zinc, antacids or sucralfate should not be administered concomitantly with, or within 2 hours of, the administration of norfloxacin, because they may interfere with absorption resulting in lower serum and urine levels of norfloxacin.	zinc	norfloxacin	advise
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	The concomitant administration of quinolones including norfloxacin with glyburide (a sulfonylurea agent) has, on rare occasions, resulted in severe hypoglycemia.	quinolones	glyburide	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Quinolones, including norfloxacin, may enhance the effects of oral anticoagulants, including warfarin or its derivatives or similar agents.	Quinolones	warfarin	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	The concomitant administration of quinolones including norfloxacin with glyburide (a sulfonylurea agent) has, on rare occasions, resulted in severe hypoglycemia.	norfloxacin	glyburide	effect
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	Some quinolones have also been shown to interfere with the metabolism of caffeine.	quinolones	caffeine	mechanism
Norfloxacin_ddi.xml	There have been reports of theophylline-related side effects in patients on concomitant therapy with norfloxacin and theophylline.	norfloxacin	theophylline	effect
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Serious anticholinergic symptoms (severe dry mouth, urinary retention, blurred vision) have been associated with elevations in the serum levels of tricyclic antidepressants when cimetidine is added to the drug regimen.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	effect
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	carbamazepine	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	antidepressants	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	There have been greater than 2-fold increases in previously stable plasma levels of other antidepressants, including nortriptyline, when fluoxetine hydrochloride has been administered in combination with these agents.	nortriptyline	fluoxetine hydrochloride	mechanism
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	encainide	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	flecainide	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	In addition, higher-than expected steady-state serum concentrations of tricyclic antidepressants have been observed when therapy is initiated in patients already taking cimetidine.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	mechanism
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Close supervision and careful adjustment of the dosage are required when nortriptyline hydrochloride is used with other anticholinergic drugs or sympathomimetic drugs.	nortriptyline hydrochloride	anticholinergic drugs	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Steady-state serum concentrations of tricyclic antidepressants are reported to fluctuate significantly when cimetidine is either added or deleted from the drug regimen.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	mechanism
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	Type 1C antiarrhythmics	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	phenothiazines	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	quinidine	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Administration of reserpine during therapy with a tricyclic antidepressant has been shown to produce a  stimulating  effect in some depressed patients.	reserpine	tricyclic antidepressant	effect
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Close supervision and careful adjustment of the dosage are required when nortriptyline hydrochloride is used with other anticholinergic drugs or sympathomimetic drugs.	nortriptyline hydrochloride	sympathomimetic drugs	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	Therefore, co-administration of tricyclic antidepressants with other drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme, including other antidepressants, phenothiazines, carbamazepine, and Type 1C antiarrhythmics (eg, propafenone, flecainide, and encainide), or that inhibit this enzyme (eg, quinidine), should be approached with caution.	tricyclic antidepressants	propafenone	advise
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	There have been greater than 2-fold increases in previously stable plasma levels of other antidepressants, including nortriptyline, when fluoxetine hydrochloride has been administered in combination with these agents.	antidepressants	fluoxetine hydrochloride	mechanism
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	In well-controlled patients undergoing concurrent therapy with cimetidine, a decrease in the steady-state serum concentrations of tricyclic antidepressants may occur when cime-tidine therapy is discontinued.	cimetidine	tricyclic antidepressants	mechanism
Nortriptyline_ddi.xml	The therapeutic efficacy of tricyclic antidepressants may be compromised in these patients when cimetidine is discontinued.	tricyclic antidepressants	cimetidine	effect
Oxcarbazepine_ddi.xml	The increase of phenobarbital level, however, is small (15%) when given with Trileptal.	phenobarbital	Trileptal	mechanism
Oxcarbazepine_ddi.xml	Hormonal contraceptives Co-administration of Trileptal with an oral contraceptive has been shown to influence the plasma concentrations of the two hormonal components, ethinylestradiol (EE) and levonorgestrel (LNG).	Trileptal	contraceptive	mechanism
Oxcarbazepine_ddi.xml	In addition, several AED s that are cytochrome P450 inducers can decrease plasma concentrations of oxcarbazepine and MHD.	AED	oxcarbazepine	mechanism
Oxcarbazepine_ddi.xml	1- nc denotes a mean change of less than 10% 2- Pediatrics 3- Mean increase in adults at high Trileptal doses In vivo, the plasma levels of phenytoin increased by up to 40%, when Trileptal was given at doses above 1200 mg/day.	phenytoin	Trileptal	mechanism
Oxcarbazepine_ddi.xml	Therefore, concurrent use of Trileptal with hormonal contraceptives may render these contraceptives less effective.	Trileptal	hormonal contraceptives	effect
Oxcarbazepine_ddi.xml	Therefore, when using doses of Trileptal greater than 1200 mg/day during adjunctive therapy, a decrease in the dose of phenytoin may be required.	Trileptal	phenytoin	advise
Oxcarbazepine_ddi.xml	Calcium Antagonists: After repeated co-administration of Trileptal, the AUC of felodipine was lowered by 28% [90% CI: 20-33].	Trileptal	felodipine	mechanism
Paclitaxel_ddi.xml	Pharmacokinetic data from these patients demonstrated a decrease in paclitaxel clearance of approximately 33% when TAXOL was administered following cisplatin.	TAXOL	cisplatin	mechanism
Paclitaxel_ddi.xml	Reports in the literature suggest that plasma levels of doxorubicin (and its active metabolite doxorubicinol) may be increased when paclitaxel and doxorubicin are used in combination.	paclitaxel	doxorubicin	mechanism
Paclitaxel_ddi.xml	Hypersensitivity Reactions: Patients with a history of severe hypersensitivity reactions to products containing Cremophor  EL (eg, cyclosporin for injection concentrate and teniposide for injection concentrate) should not be treated with TAXOL.	cyclosporin	TAXOL	advise
Paclitaxel_ddi.xml	In a Phase I trial using escalating doses of TAXOL (110-200 mg/m2) and cisplatin (50 or 75 mg/m2) given as sequential infusions, myelosuppression was more profound when TAXOL was given after cisplatin than with the alternate sequence (ie, TAXOL before cisplatin).	TAXOL	cisplatin	effect
Paclitaxel_ddi.xml	Hypersensitivity Reactions: Patients with a history of severe hypersensitivity reactions to products containing Cremophor  EL (eg, cyclosporin for injection concentrate and teniposide for injection concentrate) should not be treated with TAXOL.	teniposide	TAXOL	advise
Peginterferon alfa-2a_ddi.xml	Nucleoside Analogues Didanosine Co-administration of COPEGUS and didanosine is not recommended.	COPEGUS	didanosine	advise
Peginterferon alfa-2a_ddi.xml	Stavudine and Zidovudine Ribavirin can antagonize the in vitro antiviral activity of stavudine and zidovudine against HIV.	Ribavirin	stavudine	effect
Peginterferon alfa-2a_ddi.xml	Treatment with PEGASYS once weekly for 4 weeks in healthy subjects was associated with an inhibition of P450 1A2 and a 25% increase in theophylline AUC.	PEGASYS	theophylline	mechanism
Peginterferon alfa-2a_ddi.xml	Stavudine and Zidovudine Ribavirin can antagonize the in vitro antiviral activity of stavudine and zidovudine against HIV.	Ribavirin	zidovudine	effect
Peginterferon alfa-2a_ddi.xml	Theophylline serum levels should be monitored and appropriate dose adjustments considered for patients given both theophylline and PEGASYS.	theophylline	PEGASYS	advise
Piperacillin_ddi.xml	Probenecid: The oral combination of probenecid before intramuscular injection of PIPRACIL produces an increase in piperacillin peak serum level of about 30%.	probenecid	PIPRACIL	mechanism
Piperacillin_ddi.xml	Vecuronium: When used in the perioperative period, piperacillin has been implicated in the prolongation of the neuromuscular blockade of vecuronium.	piperacillin	vecuronium	effect
Piperacillin_ddi.xml	Methotrexate: Piperacillin sodium may reduce the excretion of methotrexate.	Piperacillin sodium	methotrexate	mechanism
Piperacillin_ddi.xml	Due to their similar mechanism of action, it is expected that the neuromuscular blockade produced by any of the non-depolarizing muscle relaxants could be prolonged in the presence of piperacillin.	non-depolarizing muscle relaxants	piperacillin	effect
Piperacillin_ddi.xml	In one controlled clinical study, the ureidopenicillins, including piperacillin, were reported to prolong the action of vecuronium.	piperacillin	vecuronium	effect
Piperacillin_ddi.xml	Aminoglycosides: The mixing of piperacillin with an aminoglycoside in vitro can result in substantial inactivation of the aminoglycoside.	piperacillin	aminoglycoside	effect
Piperazine_ddi.xml	Phenothiazines - Taking piperazine and a phenothiazine together may increase the risk of convulsions (seizures).	piperazine	phenothiazine	effect
Piperazine_ddi.xml	Pyrantel (e.g., Antiminth) - Taking piperazine and pyrantel together may decrease the effects of piperazine.	piperazine	pyrantel	effect
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	In single and multiple dose studies in healthy subjects receiving both warfarin and rofecoxib, prothrombin time (measured as INR) was increased by approximately 8% to 11%.	warfarin	rofecoxib	effect
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post-marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	thiazides	effect
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	At higher than recommended doses, VIOXX 75 mg administered once daily for 10 days increased plasma concentrations by 23% as measured by AUC0-24hr in patients receiving methotrexate 7.5 to 15 mg/week for rheumatoid arthritis.	VIOXX	methotrexate	mechanism
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	In post-marketing experience, bleeding events have been reported, predominantly in the elderly, in association with increases in prothrombin time in patients receiving VIOXX concurrently with warfarin.	VIOXX	warfarin	effect
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	At 24 hours postdose, a similar proportion of patients treated with methotrexate alone (94%) and subsequently treated with methotrexate co-administered with 75 mg of rofecoxib (88%) had methotrexate plasma concentrations below the measurable limit (5 ng/mL).	methotrexate	rofecoxib	mechanism
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Theophylline VIOXX 12.5, 25, and 50 mg administered once daily for 7 days increased plasma theophylline concentrations (AUC(0- )) by 38 to 60% in healthy subjects administered a single 300-mg dose of theophylline.	VIOXX	theophylline	mechanism
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Cimetidine: Co-administration with high doses of cimetidine [800 mg twice daily] increased the Cmax of rofecoxib by 21%, the AUC0-120hr by 23% and the t1/2 by 15%.	cimetidine	rofecoxib	mechanism
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Thus, when VIOXX and lithium are administered concurrently, subjects should be observed carefully for signs of lithium toxicity.	VIOXX	lithium	advise
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	ACE inhibitors: Reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) inhibitors.	NSAIDs	Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) inhibitors	effect
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Concomitant administration of low-dose aspirin with VIOXX may result in an increased rate of GI ulceration or other complications, compared to use of VIOXX alone.	aspirin	VIOXX	effect
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post-marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	furosemide	effect
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Standard monitoring of methotrexate-related toxicity should be continued if VIOXX and methotrexate are administered concomitantly.	VIOXX	methotrexate	advise
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Warfarin: Anticoagulant activity should be monitored, particularly in the first few days after initiating or changing VIOXX therapy in patients receiving warfarin or similar agents, since these patients are at an increased risk of bleeding complications.	VIOXX	warfarin	advise
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Adequate monitoring of theophylline plasma concentrations should be considered when therapy with VIOXX is initiated or changed in patients receiving theophylline.	VIOXX	theophylline	advise
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Rifampin: Co-administration of VIOXX with rifampin 600 mg daily, a potent inducer of hepatic metabolism, produced an approximate 50% decrease in rofecoxib plasma concentrations.	VIOXX	rifampin	mechanism
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	This interaction should be given consideration in patients taking VIOXX concomitantly with ACE inhibitors.	VIOXX	ACE inhibitors	advise
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	Lithium: NSAIDs have produced an elevation of plasma lithium levels and a reduction in renal lithium clearance.	NSAIDs	lithium	mechanism
Rofecoxib_ddi.xml	In patients with mild to moderate hypertension, administration of 25 mg daily of VIOXX with the ACE inhibitor benazepril, 10 to 40 mg for 4 weeks, was associated with an average increase in mean arterial pressure of about 3 mm Hg compared to ACE inhibitor alone.	VIOXX	benazepril	effect
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Coadministration with compounds that are potent inducers of CYP3A4 (eg, phenobarbital, phenytoin, dexamethasone, carbamazepine) may result in decreased plasma levels of saquinavir.	phenobarbital	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	pimozide	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Since INVIRASE is coadministered with ritonavir, the ritonavir label should be reviewed for additional drugs that should not be coadministered.	INVIRASE	ritonavir	advise
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	amiodarone	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	fentanyl	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Coadministration with compounds that are potent inducers of CYP3A4 (eg, phenobarbital, phenytoin, dexamethasone, carbamazepine) may result in decreased plasma levels of saquinavir.	phenytoin	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Coadministration with compounds that are potent inducers of CYP3A4 (eg, phenobarbital, phenytoin, dexamethasone, carbamazepine) may result in decreased plasma levels of saquinavir.	carbamazepine	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	quinidine	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	calcium channel blockers	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	carbamazepine	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	tacrolimus	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	disopyramide	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	quinine	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	cyclosporine	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	dapsone	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	warfarin	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	alfentanyl	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	ergot derivatives	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	alprazolam	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Although specific studies have not been performed, coadministration with drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP3A4 (eg, calcium channel blockers, dapsone, disopyramide, quinine, amiodarone, quinidine, warfarin, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, ergot derivatives, pimozide, carbamazepine, fentanyl, alfentanyl, alprazolam, and triazolam) may have elevated plasma concentrations when coadministered with saquinavir;	triazolam	saquinavir	mechanism
Saquinavir_ddi.xml	Coadministration with compounds that are potent inducers of CYP3A4 (eg, phenobarbital, phenytoin, dexamethasone, carbamazepine) may result in decreased plasma levels of saquinavir.	dexamethasone	saquinavir	mechanism
Sulfapyridine_ddi.xml	Sulfapyridine may interact with any of the following: - Acetaminophen (e.g., Tylenol) (with long-term, high-dose use) or	Sulfapyridine	Tylenol	int
Sulfapyridine_ddi.xml	Methotrexate (e.g., Mexate) use of Methotrexate with sulfapyridine may increase The chance of side effects affecting The liver and/or The side effects of Methotrexate	methotrexate	sulfapyridine	effect
Sulfapyridine_ddi.xml	Methyldopa (e.g., Aldomet) use of Methyldopa with sulfapyridine may increase The chance of side effects affecting The liver and/or The blood	methyldopa	sulfapyridine	effect
Sulfapyridine_ddi.xml	Antidiabetics, oral (diabetes medicine you take by mouth) use of oral Antidiabetics with sulfapyridine may increase The chance of side effects affecting The blood and/or The side effects or oral Antidiabetics	antidiabetics	sulfapyridine	effect
Sulfapyridine_ddi.xml	Sulfapyridine may interact with any of the following: - Acetaminophen (e.g., Tylenol) (with long-term, high-dose use) or	Sulfapyridine	Acetaminophen	int
Sulfapyridine_ddi.xml	phenytoin (e.g., Dilantin) use of phenytoin with sulfapyridine may increase The chance of side effects affecting The liver and/or The side effects of phenytoin	phenytoin	sulfapyridine	effect
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Phenytoin: Population pharmacokinetic analyses indicate that tiagabine clearance is 60% greater in patients taking phenytoin with or without other enzyme- inducing AEDs.	tiagabine	phenytoin	mechanism
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Valproate: The addition of tiagabine to patients taking valproate chronically had no effect on tiagabine pharmacokinetics, but valproate significantly decreased tiagabine binding in vitro from 96.3 to 94.8%, which resulted in an increase of approximately 40% in the free tiagabine concentration.	valproate	tiagabine	mechanism
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital (Primidone): Population pharmacokinetic analyses indicate that tiagabine clearance is 60% greater in patients taking phenobarbital (primidone) with or without other enzyme-inducing AEDs.	tiagabine	primidone	mechanism
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Valproate: Tiagabine causes a slight decrease (about 10%) in steady-state valproate concentrations.	Tiagabine	valproate	mechanism
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Because of the possible additive effects of drugs that may depress the nervous system, ethanol or triazolam should be used cautiously in combination with tiagabine.	ethanol	tiagabine	advise
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Effects of other Antiepilepsy Drugs (AEDs) on GABITRIL : Carbamazepine: Population pharmacokinetic analyses indicate that tiagabine clearance is 60% greater in patients taking carbamazepine with or without other enzyme- inducing AEDs.	tiagabine	carbamazepine	mechanism
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Phenobarbital (Primidone): Population pharmacokinetic analyses indicate that tiagabine clearance is 60% greater in patients taking phenobarbital (primidone) with or without other enzyme-inducing AEDs.	tiagabine	phenobarbital	mechanism
Tiagabine_ddi.xml	Because of the possible additive effects of drugs that may depress the nervous system, ethanol or triazolam should be used cautiously in combination with tiagabine.	triazolam	tiagabine	advise
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Anticonvulsants (Phenytoin): Steady state plasma exposure (AUC) of valdecoxib (40 mg BID for 12 days) was decreased by 27% when co-administered with multiple doses (300 mg QD for 12 days) of phenytoin (a CYP 3A4 inducer).	valdecoxib	phenytoin	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Because changes in glucose concentrations with valdecoxib coadministration were within the normal variability and individual glucose concentrations were above or near 70 mg/dL, dose adjustment for glyburide (5 mg QD and 10 mg BID) with valdecoxib coadministration (up to 40 mg QD) is not indicated.	glyburide	valdecoxib	advise
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Coadministration of valdecoxib and Ortho-Novum 1/35  increased the exposure of norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol by 20% and 34%, respectively.	valdecoxib	Ortho-Novum	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Anticoagulant therapy should be monitored, particularly during the first few weeks, after initiating therapy with BEXTRA in patients receiving warfarin or similar agents.	BEXTRA	warfarin	advise
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post-marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	thiazides	effect
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	This interaction should be given consideration in patients taking BEXTRA concomitantly with ACE-inhibitors.	BEXTRA	ACE-inhibitors	advise
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Coadministration with valdecoxib (40 mg BID for 7 days) resulted in a significant increase in dextromethorphan plasma levels suggesting that, at these doses, valdecoxib is a weak inhibitor of 2D6.	valdecoxib	dextromethorphan	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Although the magnitude of changes in diazepam plasma exposure when coadministered with valdecoxib were not sufficient to warrant dosage adjustments, patients may experience enhanced sedative side effects caused by increased exposure of diazepam under this circumstance.	valdecoxib	diazepam	effect
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	These increased exposures of norethindrone and ethinyl estradiol should be taken into consideration when selecting an oral contraceptive for women taking valdecoxib.	contraceptive	valdecoxib	advise
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Valdecoxib caused a statistically significant increase in plasma exposures of R-warfarin and S-warfarin (12% and 15%, respectively), and in the pharmacodynamic effects (prothrombin time, measured as INR) of warfarin.	Valdecoxib	R-warfarin	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Valdecoxib caused a statistically significant increase in plasma exposures of R-warfarin and S-warfarin (12% and 15%, respectively), and in the pharmacodynamic effects (prothrombin time, measured as INR) of warfarin.	Valdecoxib	warfarin	effect
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Plasma exposure (AUC) to valdecoxib was increased 62% when coadministered with fluconazole and 38% when coadministered with ketoconazole.	valdecoxib	fluconazole	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Concomitant single dose administration of valdecoxib 20 mg with multiple doses of ketoconazole and fluconazole produced a significant increase in exposure of valdecoxib.	valdecoxib	ketoconazole	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Even so dextromethorphan plasma concentrations in the presence of high doses of valdecoxib were almost 5-fold lower than those seen in CYP 2D6 poor metabolizers suggesting that dose adjustment is not necessary.	dextromethorphan	valdecoxib	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Coadministration of valdecoxib (40 mg BID (day 1) and 40 mg QD (days 2-7)) with glyburide (10 mg glyburide BID) resulted in 21% increase in glyburide AUC0-12 and a 16% increase in glyburide Cmax leading to a 16% decrease in glucose AUC0-24.	valdecoxib	glyburide	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Furosemide: Clinical studies, as well as post-marketing observations, have shown that NSAIDs can reduce the natriuretic effect of furosemide and thiazides in some patients.	NSAIDs	furosemide	effect
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Lithium serum concentrations should be monitored closely when initiating or changing therapy with BEXTRA in patients receiving lithium.	BEXTRA	lithium	advise
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Coadministration with valdecoxib increased exposure of omeprazole (AUC) by 46%.	valdecoxib	omeprazole	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Concomitant single dose administration of valdecoxib 20 mg with multiple doses of ketoconazole and fluconazole produced a significant increase in exposure of valdecoxib.	valdecoxib	fluconazole	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Lithium: Valdecoxib 40 mg BID for 7 days produced significant decreases in lithium serum clearance (25%) and renal clearance (30%) with a 34% higher serum exposure compared to lithium alone.	Valdecoxib	lithium	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	ACE-inhibitors:Reports suggest that NSAIDs may diminish the antihypertensive effect of ACE-inhibitors.	NSAIDs	ACE-inhibitors	effect
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Valdecoxib caused a statistically significant increase in plasma exposures of R-warfarin and S-warfarin (12% and 15%, respectively), and in the pharmacodynamic effects (prothrombin time, measured as INR) of warfarin.	Valdecoxib	S-warfarin	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Patients already stabilized on valdecoxib should be closely monitored for loss of symptom control with phenytoin coadministration.	valdecoxib	phenytoin	advise
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Plasma exposure of diazepam (10 mg BID) was increased by 28% following administration of valdecoxib (40 mg BID) for 12 days, while plasma exposure of valdecoxib (40 mg BID) was not substantially increased following administration of diazepam (10 mg BID) for 12 days.	diazepam	valdecoxib	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Plasma exposure (AUC) to valdecoxib was increased 62% when coadministered with fluconazole and 38% when coadministered with ketoconazole.	valdecoxib	ketoconazole	mechanism
Valdecoxib_ddi.xml	Aspirin: Concomitant administration of aspirin with valdecoxib may result in an increased risk of GI ulceration and complications compared to valdecoxib alone.	aspirin	valdecoxib	effect
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	In vivo studies: Nitrates: The blood pressure lowering effects of sublingual nitrates (0.4 mg) taken 1 and 4 hours after vardenafil and increases in heart rate when taken at 1, 4 and 8 hours were potentiated by a 20 mg dose of Vardenafil in healthy middle-aged subjects.	nitrates	vardenafil	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Two of 16 subjects dosed simultaneously with Vardenafil 10 mg and tamsulosin 0.4 mg experienced a standing systolic blood pressure below 85 mm Hg.	Vardenafil	tamsulosin	effect
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	The interaction is a consequence of blocking hepatic metabolism of vardenafil by ritonavir, a highly potent CYP3A4 inhibitor, which also inhibits CYP2C9.	vardenafil	ritonavir	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	HIV Protease Inhibitors: Indinavir (800 mg t.i.d.) co-administered with Vardenafil 10 mg resulted in a 16-fold increase in vardenafil AUC, a 7-fold increase in vardenafil Cmax and a 2-fold increase in vardenafil half-life.	Indinavir	Vardenafil	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Alpha-blockers: When Vardenafil 10 or 20 mg was given to healthy volunteers either simultaneously or 6 hours after a 10 mg dose of terazosin, significant hypotension developed in a substantial number of subjects.	Vardenafil	terazosin	effect
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Ritonavir (600 mg b.i.d.) co-administered with Vardenafil 5 mg resulted in a 49-fold increase in vardenafil AUC and a 13-fold increase in vardenafil Cmax.	Ritonavir	Vardenafil	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Based on these data, Vardenafil should not be used in patients on alpha-blocker therapy.	Vardenafil	alpha-blocker	advise
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	With simultaneous dosing of Vardenafil 20 mg and terazosin 10 mg, 2 of 9 subjects experienced a standing systolic blood pressure of less than 85 mm Hg.	Vardenafil	terazosin	effect
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Ketoconazole (200 mg once daily) produced a 10-fold increase in vardenafil AUC and a 4-fold increase in Cmax when co-administered with Vardenafil (5 mg) in healthy volunteers.	Ketoconazole	vardenafil	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	A 5-mg Vardenafil dose should not be exceeded when used in combination with 200 mg once daily ketoconazole.	Vardenafil	ketoconazole	advise
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	It is recommended not to exceed a single 2.5 mg Vardenafil dose in a 24-hour period when used in combination with indinavir.	Vardenafil	indinavir	advise
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Upon administration of 10 mg of Vardenafil with 800 mg TID indinavir, the Cmax and AUC of indinavir were reduced by 40% and 30%, respectively.	Vardenafil	indinavir	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	With simultaneous dosing of Vardenafil 10 mg and terazosin 10 mg, 6 of 8 subjects experienced a standing systolic blood pressure of less than 85 mm Hg.	Vardenafil	terazosin	effect
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Ritonavir significantly prolonged the half-life of vardenafil to 26 hours.	Ritonavir	vardenafil	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	It is recommended not to exceed a single 5 mg dose of Vardenafil in a 24-hour period when used in combination with erythromycin.	Vardenafil	erythromycin	advise
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Since higher doses of ketoconazole (400 mg daily) may result in higher increases in Cmax and AUC, a single 2.5 mg dose of Vardenafil should not be exceeded in a 24-hour period when used in combination with ketoconazole 400 mg daily.	Vardenafil	ketoconazole	advise
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Potentiation of the hypotensive effects of nitrates for patients with ischemic heart disease has not been evaluated, and concomitant use of Vardenafil and nitrates is contraindicated.	Vardenafil	nitrates	advise
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Ritonavir and indinavir: Upon concomitant administration of 5 mg of Vardenafil with 600 mg BID ritonavir, the Cmax and AUC of ritonavir were reduced by approximately 20%.	Vardenafil	ritonavir	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Consequently, it is recommended not to exceed a single 2.5 mg Vardenafil dose in a 72-hour period when used in combination with ritonavir.	Vardenafil	ritonavir	advise
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	Erythromycin (500 mg t.i.d) produced a 4-fold increase in vardenafil AUC and a 3-fold increase in Cmax when co-administered with Vardenafil 5 mg in healthy volunteers.	Erythromycin	vardenafil	mechanism
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	When Vardenafil dosing was separated from terazosin 10 mg by 6 hours, 7 of 28 subjects who received 20 mg of Vardenafil experienced a decrease in standing systolic blood pressure below 85 mm Hg.	Vardenafil	terazosin	effect
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	In a similar study with tamsulosin in healthy volunteers, 1 of 24 subjects dosed with Vardenafil 20 mg and tamsulosin 0.4 mg separated by 6 hours experienced a standing systolic blood pressure below 85 mm Hg.	Vardenafil	tamsulosin	effect
Vardenafil_ddi.xml	In these patients whose hypertension was controlled with nifedipine, Vardenafil 20 mg produced mean additional supine systolic/diastolic blood pressure reductions of 6/5 mm Hg compared to placebo.	nifedipine	Vardenafil	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Death due to fulminant pancreatitis possibly related to intravenous pentamidine and HIVID has been reported.	pentamidine	HIVID	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	These in vitro studies suggest that concomitant administration of zalcitabine and lamivudine in humans may result in sub-therapeutic concentrations of active phosphorylated zalcitabine, which may lead to a decreased antiretroviral effect of zalcitabine.	zalcitabine	lamivudine	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Probenecid or Cimetidine: Concomitant administration of probenecid or cimetidine decreases the elimination of zalcitabine, most likely by inhibition of renal tubular secretion of zalcitabine.	probenecid	zalcitabine	mechanism
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Amphotericin, Foscarnet, and Aminoglycosides: Drugs such as amphotericin, foscarnet, and aminoglycosides may increase the risk of developing peripheral neuropathy or other HIVID-associated adverse events by interfering with the renal clearance of zalcitabine (thereby raising systemic exposure).	aminoglycosides	HIVID	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	The clinical significance of this reduction is not known, hence zalcitabine is not recommended to be ingested simultaneously with magnesium/aluminum-containing antacids.	zalcitabine	aluminum	advise
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of HIVID with didanosine is not recommended.	HIVID	didanosine	advise
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Amphotericin, Foscarnet, and Aminoglycosides: Drugs such as amphotericin, foscarnet, and aminoglycosides may increase the risk of developing peripheral neuropathy or other HIVID-associated adverse events by interfering with the renal clearance of zalcitabine (thereby raising systemic exposure).	amphotericin	HIVID	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Amphotericin, Foscarnet, and Aminoglycosides: Drugs such as amphotericin, foscarnet, and aminoglycosides may increase the risk of developing peripheral neuropathy or other HIVID-associated adverse events by interfering with the renal clearance of zalcitabine (thereby raising systemic exposure).	aminoglycosides	zalcitabine	mechanism
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	If intravenous pentamidine is required to treat Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, treatment with HIVID should be interrupted.	pentamidine	HIVID	advise
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	The clinical significance of this reduction is not known, hence zalcitabine is not recommended to be ingested simultaneously with magnesium/aluminum-containing antacids.	zalcitabine	antacids	advise
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Zalcitabine inhibited lamivudine phosphorylation at high concentration ratios (10 and 100);	Zalcitabine	lamivudine	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	The clinical significance of this reduction is not known, hence zalcitabine is not recommended to be ingested simultaneously with magnesium/aluminum-containing antacids.	zalcitabine	magnesium	advise
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Amphotericin, Foscarnet, and Aminoglycosides: Drugs such as amphotericin, foscarnet, and aminoglycosides may increase the risk of developing peripheral neuropathy or other HIVID-associated adverse events by interfering with the renal clearance of zalcitabine (thereby raising systemic exposure).	foscarnet	HIVID	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Amphotericin, Foscarnet, and Aminoglycosides: Drugs such as amphotericin, foscarnet, and aminoglycosides may increase the risk of developing peripheral neuropathy or other HIVID-associated adverse events by interfering with the renal clearance of zalcitabine (thereby raising systemic exposure).	amphotericin	zalcitabine	mechanism
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Lamivudine: In vitro studies in peripheral blood mononuclear cells, U937 and Molt-4 cells revealed that lamivudine significantly inhibited zalcitabine phosphorylation in a dose dependent manner.	lamivudine	zalcitabine	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Concomitant use of zalcitabine and lamivudine is not recommended.	zalcitabine	lamivudine	advise
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Probenecid or Cimetidine: Concomitant administration of probenecid or cimetidine decreases the elimination of zalcitabine, most likely by inhibition of renal tubular secretion of zalcitabine.	cimetidine	zalcitabine	mechanism
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Doxorubicin: Doxorubicin caused a decrease in zalcitabine phosphorylation ( 50% inhibition of total phosphate formation) in U937/Molt 4 cells.	Doxorubicin	zalcitabine	effect
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Metoclopramide: Bioavailability is mildly reduced (approximately 10%) when zalcitabine and metoclopramide are coadministered.	zalcitabine	metoclopramide	mechanism
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Amphotericin, Foscarnet, and Aminoglycosides: Drugs such as amphotericin, foscarnet, and aminoglycosides may increase the risk of developing peripheral neuropathy or other HIVID-associated adverse events by interfering with the renal clearance of zalcitabine (thereby raising systemic exposure).	foscarnet	zalcitabine	mechanism
Zalcitabine_ddi.xml	Zalcitabine also has no significant effect on the intracellular phosphorylation of ZDV, as shown in vitro in peripheral blood mononuclear cells or in two other cell lines (U937 and Molt-4).	Zalcitabine	ZDV	effect
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Thioridazine: Coadministration of single doses of Sonata 20 mg and thioridazine 50 mg produced additive effects on decreased alertness and impaired psychomotor performance for 2 to 4 hours after administration.	Sonata	thioridazine	effect
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Concomitant administration of Sonata (10 mg) and cimetidine (800 mg) produced an 85% increase in the mean Cmax and AUC of zaleplon.	Sonata	cimetidine	mechanism
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Coadministration of single, oral doses of zaleplon with erythromycin (10 mg and 800 mg, respectively), a strong, selective CYP3A4 inhibitor produced a 34% increase in zaleplons maximal plasma concentrations and a 20% increase in the area under the plasma concentration-time curve.	zaleplon	erythromycin	mechanism
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Imipramine: Coadministration of single doses of Sonata 20 mg and imipramine 75 mg produced additive effects on decreased alertness and impaired psychomotor performance for 2 to 4 hours after administration.	Sonata	imipramine	effect
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Other strong selective CYP3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole can also be expected to increase the exposure of zaleplon.	ketoconazole	zaleplon	mechanism
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Multiple-dose administration of the potent CYP3A4 inducer rifampin (600 mg every 24 hours, q24h, for 14 days), however, reduced zaleplon Cmax and AUC by approximately 80%.	rifampin	zaleplon	mechanism
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Drugs That Inhibit Both Aldehyde Oxidase and CYP3A4 Cimetidine: Cimetidine inhibits both aldehyde oxidase (in vitro) and CYP3A4 (in vitro and in vivo), the primary and secondary enzymes, respectively, responsible for zaleplon metabolism.	Cimetidine	zaleplon	mechanism
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	Promethazine: Coadministration of a single dose of zaleplon and promethazine (10 and 25 mg, respectively) resulted in a 15% decrease in maximal plasma concentrations of zaleplon, but no change in the area under the plasma concentration-time curve.	zaleplon	promethazine	mechanism
Zaleplon_ddi.xml	CNS-Active Drugs Ethanol: Sonata 10 mg potentiated the CNS-impairing effects of ethanol 0.75 g/kg on balance testing and reaction time for 1 hour after ethanol administration and on the digit symbol substitution test (DSST), symbol copying test, and the variability component of the divided attention test for 2.5 hours after ethanol administration.	Sonata	ethanol	effect